Privacy Policy - Emerald Resources
Privacy Policy
Emerald Resources NL (Emerald) is committed to respecting individual privacy and to ensuring that personal information it holds is handled appropriately and lawfully, in accordance with the
Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)
and the National Privacy Principles set out in Schedule 3 of the Act.
This Policy details how we collect, use and manage personal information that we collect through Emerald’s website.
Personal Information
Personal information is information relating to an individual whose identity is apparent or can be reasonably ascertained from the information provided.
Collecting of Personal Information
We will not collect personal information unless it is necessary for one or more of our functions or activities, or to comply with legal or regulatory obligations. If information is to be collected, it will be by lawful and fair means.
Using and Disclosing Your Personal Information
Any personal information you give us is used solely for the purpose given and will not be shared, sold, or given to any third parties, unless required or authorised under the exemptions set out in the Privacy Act.
Storage and Security of Your Personal Information
Emerald will take all reasonable steps to keep any personal information which we hold about you protected from loss, misuse or unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. We will also
take all reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify personal information that we no longer need for any purpose for which the information may be used or disclosed.
Access To Personal Information
You can request access to any personal information that we hold about you at any time. This is subject to some exceptions allowed by law. If it is determined that information is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date then we will take all reasonable steps to bring the information up to date.
Collection of Sensitive Information
We will not collect sensitive information about you that reveals your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or affiliations, membership of a professional or trade association, membership of a trade union, details of health, disability, sexual orientation, or criminal record.
Emails
Any emails we receive from you will only be used for the purpose given and are subject to the conditions set out in this Privacy Policy. Please note, as email communication is not secure, any personal information you send via email is done so at your own risk.
This Privacy Policy Does Not Apply to:
(a) acts or practices of Emerald Resources NL that are directly related to employee records of current or former employees
(b) Information about companies, individual partners or sole traders acting in a business capacity
Policy Reviews
We from time-to-time review and revise our policies. Accordingly, we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or you wish to make a privacy complaint, please contact us.