Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Jump to section
expand_more
What personal information we collect
Why and how we collect personal information
How we store and protect your information
Who we may disclose your information to
Your rights and how to contact us
Dexus is committed to protecting and maintaining your privacy. We comply with the privacy laws in Australia and New Zealand.
1. Scope
This Privacy Policy applies to Dexus Funds Management Limited and its related entities and trusts operating in Australia and New Zealand, which are subject to the
Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)
or the
Privacy Act 2020 (NZ)
(together, “Dexus” “we”, “our”, and “us”).
This Privacy Policy explains how Dexus handles the personal information we collect in the course of operating our business.
2. The kinds of personal information we collect and hold
The kinds of personal information we collect and hold about you will depend on our dealings with you. In general terms, the kinds of personal information we collect may include:
Identity and contact details (e.g. name, date of birth, address, email phone)
Financial and tax information (e.g. income, asset and liability information, bank account information, tax file number)
Images and recordings (e.g. CCTV footage, event photographs and videos, call recordings)
Government identity documents (e.g. driver’s licence, passport)
Employment related information (e.g. CVs, background checks, referee details)
Professional advisor details (e.g. financial, accounting or legal advisors)
Location, system and device data (e.g. when you connect to our Wi-Fi, device ID, device type, geo-location information and, when you interact with our website and mobile applications, the date and time you visited our website, the pages you viewed, general location information, information about the type of device you used and your IP address)
In some situations we may also collect sensitive information (e.g. information about your health and racial or ethnic origin). We will only collect sensitive information with your consent or where we are otherwise allowed by law.
3. Why we collect your personal information
Depending on the dealings you may have with us and who you are (e.g. a tenant, customer, investor, visitor, contractor, external service provider or job applicant), we may collect, use, hold and disclose your personal information for one or more of the following purposes:
to supply and manage
our products and services
and
our relationship with you
(such as to administer and provide you with the products or services you have applied for, facilitate events, communicate with you in relation to our services, to respond to your enquiries and to undertake business analytics)
to process, establish and administer your
investment in a fund
to
comply with laws
(such as laws that apply to the product or service you have with us, including Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing laws, taxation laws and the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) or Common Reporting Standards (CRS)) and respond to
any regulator or legal enforcement investigations or enquiries
to
confirm and verify your identity
(this may involve the use of a credit reference agency or other third parties acting as our agents) and to
conduct due diligence
, including ‘Know Your Customer’ checks and other procedures that we undertake prior to you becoming our customer
to manage
our lease and real estate licence arrangements
(such as to administer leases and manage our tenants and properties)
for
safety and security
(such as to maintain the safety and security of properties and individuals working at or visiting our properties, and to investigate unlawful activity)
for
app services
(such as to provide you with the services in our Tenant mobile apps which provides access to local and building information and services, discounts and rewards)
to
manage
supplier relationships
to make
employment and recruitment decisions
and to manage
our employees and contractors
(including to facilitate the employment application process). Personal information collected from unsuccessful job applicants or their agents may also be retained in case a more appropriate opportunity becomes available
to
personalise
your experience on our website and send you
marketing communications
and information about our services, including by email. We may also use your personal information to serve you more relevant advertising and promotions (including on third party sites) and for
marketing
analytics
(such as analysing and improving advertising and promotions)
to
manage shopping centres and other properties
(such as to provide access to our Wi-Fi services, to facilitate gift card transactions, events or competitions and any other purposes that are incidental to, or directly connected with, the operation of our properties)
the
detection, investigation and prevention of fraud and other crimes or malpractice
(this includes for the purpose of, or in connection with, any legal proceedings (including prospective legal proceedings), for obtaining legal advice or for establishing, exercising, or defending legal rights)
to
effect a real asset or corporate transaction
(such as where a third party is taking control or ownership of a relevant business activity)
any other purposes
that are incidental to, or directly connected with, the above purposes or otherwise during our legitimate business activities.
4. How we collect your personal information
In many cases we will collect your personal information from you directly when you interact with us. This includes via:
our forms
(such as when you fill out an application, event or website form in respect to any of our products or services)
the
delivery of our services
(such as when you use our services or engage with us in relation to them, including investing, leasing or visiting our properties)
in person
(such as when you attend a Dexus premises, property or event, which may include the collection of your image via photography/CCTV)
our websites and apps
(such as when you use our Tenant mobile apps)
We may also collect your personal information from third parties and other sources. This includes from:
persons who are authorised to share your personal information with us
brokers, agents, financial advisors and accountants
our registry providers
our service providers (including if you work for a company that supplies goods or services to us)
other members of the Dexus Group
Commonwealth, state or territory government authorities or agencies
publicly available services (such as publicly available government and/or law enforcement agency sanctions lists)
the types of third parties with which we share personal information, as described in section 8 below
arrow_back
arrow_forward
5. What happens if we cannot collect your personal information?
If we are unable to collect your personal information for the purposes listed above, we may not be able to provide or tailor our products, services or information to you, either to the same standard or at all (for example we may be unable to engage or employ you or provide our products or services).
6. How we store and hold your personal information
We hold personal information either in electronic form (where it is stored on secure servers) or hard copy form. Some personal information we collect may be held on our behalf by third parties (such as our external registry service provider).
7. Security
We implement a range of measures (including physical security measures, technical measures and contractual measures) to help us protect your personal information from misuse, interference, loss, unauthorised access, modification, or disclosure.
8. Who we may disclose your personal information to
Depending on how you engage with us, we may disclose your information (for the purposes for which we collect and process your personal information as set out in the policy) as follows:
where you have consented to the disclosure
other entities within the Dexus Group
our tenants (e.g. where CCTV is required for purposes associated with ensuring the security of our customers and properties and investigating unlawful conduct)
to banks, insurers, financial institutions and payment processing providers
to third party service providers who assist us in the operation of the business and/or the provision of our services
to our contractors, subcontractors, consultants and professional advisers (including legal and accounting firms, auditors, and other advisors)
parties authorised by you such as a licenced financial advisor or dealer group
to government agencies and law enforcement agencies as required by law
to parties involved in a real asset or corporate transaction, including any proposed or actual sale of all or part of a member of the Dexus group and the purchase of an interest in another business (including advisers and parties providing transitional or separation related services)
9. Overseas disclosures
Depending on the type of service or product we provide to you, your personal information may be disclosed to our related body corporates, contractors and service providers located overseas, such as the United States, Europe and the Asia Pacific region (including, for our Australian entities, to New Zealand).
10. Data breach notification
Dexus has a Personal Data Breach Response Plan in place to manage actual or suspected data breaches. Where we assess a data breach as being notifiable under
the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)
or the
Privacy Act 2020 (NZ)
(as applicable) we will notify the relevant Privacy Commissioner and affected individuals.
11. Cookies and other similar technologies
Our websites may use cookies (and other similar technologies such as pixels) to enhance your browsing experience, personalise content and analyse site traffic. You can manage and control cookies via the preference centre on our websites or through your browser settings. Disabling cookies may affect the performance of our websites.
12. Social media
We access aggregated, non-personalised statistics on our coverage on social media platforms.
If you provide personal information via our social media pages (e.g. LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, TikTok or YouTube), please review the platform’s privacy terms to understand how your personal information will be collected, stored and processed. Any personal information provided to us by those social media platforms will be stored and processed in accordance with this Policy.
13. Access to and correction of your personal information
You have the right to access and request correction of personal information that we hold about you.
We will provide access or make requested changes to your personal information unless there is a valid reason that applies to refuse the request, where allowed under the Australia and New Zealand Privacy Acts or other relevant law. Dexus may charge a reasonable fee for providing your personal information. We will let you know in advance of charging the fee to confirm you still wish to proceed with your request.
We will seek to respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe (normally 30 days). If we refuse your request, we will provide you with written reasons for that refusal.
If you wish to obtain access or to request changes to your personal information, contact our Privacy Officer (details below). We may need to verify your identity before processing your request.
14. Complaints and questions
If you have a question or concern about how we handle your personal information, you can contact our Privacy Officer, as follows:
Email:
privacy@dexus.com
Phone: +612 9017 1100
Mail: Privacy Officer, Dexus, PO Box R1822, Royal Exchange NSW 1225
If you wish to make a complaint about how we have handled your personal information, please provide a written complaint to our Privacy Officer. We will acknowledge receipt of your complaint within a reasonable time (normally 48 hours) and we will investigate and endeavour to respond within 30 days.  If you are not satisfied with the decision, you can contact us to discuss your concerns.
If the complaint remains unresolved, you have the option of notifying the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner or the Office of the Privacy Commissioner New Zealand (as applicable).
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
Email:
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Online:
https://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-complaints/lodge-a-privacy-complaint-with-us
Phone: 1300 363 992
Mail: Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, GPO Box 5288, Sydney NSW 2001
Office of the Privacy Commissioner New Zealand
Email:
enquiries@privacy.org.nz
Online:
https://www.privacy.org.nz/your-rights/making-a-complaint-to-the-privacy-commissioner/
Phone: 0800 803 909
Mail: Office of the Privacy Commissioner, PO Box 10 094, Wellington 6140
15. Our policy
This policy was last updated on 5 December 2025. We will review and update this policy from time to time.
Changes to the policy will be displayed as an updated version of this policy on our website at https://www.dexus.com/privacy-policy.  If you would like a copy of this policy in a different form, please contact us and we will try to meet your request.
How can we help?
Get in touch
arrow_outward
Connect with us to explore investment opportunities, find the right space for your best work or learn more about what we do. Together, let’s create tomorrow.
Get in touch
arrow_outward
close