Privacy & Security  - Super Retail Group
Home
About Us
Investors & Media
Working With Us
Contact Us
Our Journey
Our Leadership
Our Geography
Our Brands
Our Values
Our Team
Sustainability
Key Dates
Share Registry & Communications
Corporate Governance
News & Announcements
Events
Video & Audio
Reports & Publications
AGM
Media Enquiries
Team Members
Trade Partners
Registered Offices
Distribution Centres
Sponsorship Requests
LSL Review
Remediation Program
Gift Cards
Information Provided
Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy and currency of information provided on this site. However Super Retail Group cannot accept any responsibility for errors or omissions. As the ultimate end use of product is outside of our control, users should check the information supplied or seek detail from us regarding suitability or product requirements. To the extent permitted by law, Super Retail Group is not liable for loss, damage or liability arising from errors, omissions, inaccuracies or any misleading or out of date information whether contained on this site or any link attached to this site.
Intellectual Property Rights
This site contains material in which the copyright is owned by Super Retail Group. This material including wording, depictions and logos may be downloaded for personal use only and may not be used for any other purpose or further reprinted without prior written permission from Super Retail Group.
Registered office:
6 Coulthards Avenue,
Strathpine Brisbane 4500
Queensland, Australia,
ACN
108 676 204
1. Our Privacy Policy
Super Retail Group Limited (ABN 81 108 676 204) and its subsidiaries (“Super Retail Group”, “we”, “us”, “our”), values your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected and handled by us including the following brands in our group:
Supercheap Auto Pty Ltd (ABN 64 085 395 124) and Super Cheap Auto (New Zealand) Pty Ltd (NZBN 9429036715527);
Rebel Sport Limited (ABN 78 003 283 823);
SRG Leisure Retail Pty Ltd (ABN 51 110 667 411), trading as BCF;
Macpac Retail Pty Ltd (ABN 98 129 716 025) and Macpac New Zealand Limited (NZBN 9429031203746); and
Super Retail Commercial Pty Ltd (ABN 59 153 320 800).
We collect, use and disclose information about you when you:
visit or shop with us at our websites:
https://
www.superretailgroup.com.au;
https://www.supercheapauto.com.au;
https://www.rebelsport.com.au
;
https://www.bcf.com.au
;
https://www.macpac.com.au;
https://www.superretailcommercial.com.au;
https://www.supercheapauto.co.nz;
https://www.macpac.co.nz;
and
the websites of our subsidiaries (together, our “Sites”);
visit or shop with us at our stores;
use and contribute to our social media;
use our other digital services;
join our club membership programs;
apply for a job with us; or are engaged to work with us as a contractor or an employee;
acquire shares in Super Retail Group; or
otherwise engage with us, such as when you make an enquiry or contact us, or participate in a survey, promotion or competition.
2. What is personal information?
Personal information is information about an identified or reasonably identifiable person, and it can include (but is not limited to) your name, address, email, telephone number, date of birth, and gender.
3. What type of personal information do we collect?
We collect information about you directly and from other parties, as well as automatically through your use of our Sites (and other instances where we interact). This may include:
the types of personal information mentioned at section 2;
information you provide us when shopping on our Sites or at our stores such as name, payment details, contact details and details reasonably related to your shopping experience;
information you provide us when using or contributing to social media or our other digital services such as name, email address or social media account details;
information you provide us when you join our club membership programs or participate in our offerings;
information you provide us when you apply for a job with us, when you are engaged to work with us as a contractor or employee, or when you become a shareholder such as name, contact details, qualifications and experience; and
any other information you provide us when you submit an enquiry or contact us.
4. Why do we collect and use your personal information?
We collect and use your information, including your personal information, so that we can:
assist you with your transactions with us (including fulfilling any orders for purchases you make with us);
provide you with details about, and allow you to join and participate in, our club memberships or other reward programs;
assist with any enquiries or deal with any complaints or requests you make;
tell you about and improve our products, services, and experiences;
support our business administration and related functions;
accept/consider job applications, and send you job opportunities that may be of interest to you;
accept and process your engagement as a contractor or an employee;
manage our share register and security holder records;
meet our legal obligations; and
for other reasons which you might reasonably expect us to collect and use your personal information.
Although you do not have to share your personal information with us, if you are a customer, without it we may not be able to provide our products or services to you. If you are applying for a job or position as a contractor with us, and you do not provide personal information we request, we may not be able to consider or process your application. If you are a shareholder, you may be required by law to provide us with certain information for our share register and security holder records.
5. How do we collect your personal information?
5.1 General collection
We may collect personal information about you during your interactions with us including when you participate in those activities set out in section 4.
5.2 Cookies and other technologies
We use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Sites to create an improved, more personalised shopping experience for you. Cookies are small files stored on your device that allow our Sites to recognise a particular device or browser. We use session cookies (which expire at the end of a browser session) and persistent cookies (which remain on your device until they are deleted). Cookies collect information about devices used (such as IP addresses) to access online content and about the behaviours of the user of the device (such as activity on a website). In some circumstances, the information collected through cookies may be combined with information that identifies the end user of a device.
We use cookies and other technologies to improve Site functionalities (for example remembering which of our stores is your preferred option), to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, and to tailor advertisements to make them more relevant to you.
Our Sites may also include cookies and other technologies (such as web beacons) set by third parties (including Meta and Google) that record your behaviour and activities when you visit our Sites. These third parties use these cookies to collect information directly from your device and are used to provide measurement services to us and targeted advertisements to you. This information is collected directly by the providers of those features and is subject to their privacy policies. Please see their privacy policies for further details, including how you can opt out.
You can choose to delete cookies that are already on your computer by going to the “settings” section in your browser – this should provide instructions on how to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. Even if you delete cookies from your computer you can still use our Sites, but your user experience may be affected and some features of the Sites may not function.
5.3 Social media and other third party websites
We also use a number of third party websites and social media platforms including Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, Facebook and YouTube. We may use information that you provide to us (for example via private messages) or that you make public when you use these services or platforms. The types of information available for use by us may include images and text relating to us or our products, services, promotions, events, club memberships and club cards.
5.4 In-store surveillance
Our stores and other premises have video surveillance cameras that monitor and help to facilitate the safety and security of those premises, our team members, customers and other members of the public. We do not share these recordings with any third party organisations except where we are required to by law. Cameras are not placed in areas of our premises that would unreasonably intrude on the privacy of individuals.
6. How do we use your personal information?
6.1 Direct marketing
We will only use your personal information that we collect and hold about you for direct marketing if you have provided your information to us for that purpose or if you have consented to us using your information for direct marketing. We will not use your personal information for direct marketing where you have opted-out.
If you agree to receive direct marketing communications from us, we may contact you from time to time (such as by mail, telephone, email, SMS, or social media platforms) with information about our (or any of our brands in our group) products and services as well as those of our business partners, where we think these may be of interest to you.
You can always choose to stop receiving direct marketing communications from us by ‘opting-out’. To opt-out, follow the unsubscribe instructions in any of our marketing communications or contact us via email at
CCC@superretailgroup.com.
Please be aware that if you unsubscribe from direct marketing communications, you may still receive important messages that are not marketing communications (such as safety or administrative messages).
6.2 Analytics and display advertising
We may anonymise and aggregate your personal information with other information. We may do this to assist us in determining shopping and purchasing preferences and patterns, and to improve our product and service offerings including as described in section 5.
Where you have not opted out of direct marketing from us (see section 6.1), we may also disclose your personal information to our trusted third party providers. This includes online advertisement networks (such as those operated by Google), social media platforms (such as Meta) or other third party services so they can provide measurement services to us and targeted advertisements to you. Where advertisements are presented on a third-party site (such as Google or Meta), please see their privacy policies for details about how you can opt out.
6.3 Sharing your personal information
In some cases we may need to disclose your personal information to third parties who perform functions or services in connection with our business (such as delivery; product repair or recall; payment processing; marketing; surveys; banking; mailing functions; gateway provision; insurance; document management; information technology services including data storage, hosting and security; employment matters; for operation of our websites; or for management of share registry services) or where we are otherwise required to do so by law.
We may also disclose your personal information to our related companies, and to other third parties where you have specifically consented to that disclosure.
6.4 Overseas disclosure of your personal information
Some of our related companies and third party service providers perform the functions we have engaged them for in overseas locations.
Due to the number of third party services providers we work with, it is not practicable to provide an exhaustive list of every country where your personal information may be sent. However, it is likely that your personal information will be sent to the following countries: Australia, China, Germany, India, New Zealand, Singapore, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States. We may also disclose your personal information internally within our related companies located in Australia, China, and New Zealand.
We will take reasonable steps in the circumstances for any overseas use or disclosure of personal information to be done in a way that complies with applicable privacy laws and relevant data security industry standards.
7. How do we secure your personal information?
7.1 Our websites
Our Sites may contain links to other websites we have no control over and there are always risks in sharing information over the internet. While we take reasonable precautions so that our Sites are hosted and operate securely, you should also take precautions to protect your information. This might include checking that you are accessing a secure server or for the presence of the unbroken key or closed lock symbol generally located either at the bottom left or top right of your browser window. You could also check that your URL is secure by looking for the first characters ‘https’ (rather than just ‘http’).
7.2 Credit card details
As a merchant, we are required to comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) which is an information security standard for organisations that handle credit or debit card data. This means that when you shop with us, both in-store and online, and we store your credit or debit card details, we are required to use secure processes. But you should still exercise caution when shopping online, and never enter any credit or debit card details when contacting us via email or through our website “Contact Us” form as in these instances those details will not be protected by encryption.
7.3 Security of your personal information
We take measures to protect your personal information, including from misuse, interference and loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure, including by:
taking measures to protect the physical security of our premises, document management systems, database and records;
implementing technical measures, such as computer passwords, data back-up and anti-virus software; and
taking measures so our team members also adhere to internal information security policies.
We will also take measures to help keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. If we no longer need your personal information, we will destroy or de-identify it.
7.4 Storage of personal information
We store personal information for as long as it is needed for the purpose for which it was collected or as required by law. We generally store the personal information that we collect in electronic databases, some of which may be held on our behalf by third party data storage providers. Sometimes we also keep hard copy records of this personal information in physical storage facilities. If we no longer need your personal information, we will destroy or de-identify it.
7.5 Remaining anonymous
When practicable, you may choose not to identify yourself when dealing with us. You also may elect to use a pseudonym to protect your identity. However, there may be some instances where we are not able to provide our services if you are anonymous or use a pseudonym.
7.5 Contact Us
If you become aware that your information has been subject to unauthorised access, use or disclosure, you should contact us immediately.
8. How do you access and correct your personal information?
You can request access and updates to, and/or correction of, any of your personal information that we hold about you by contacting our Privacy Team using the contact details in section 10. Please provide us enough information, and proof of identity, so we can respond to your request. We will aim to respond to your request within 30 days. If we refuse to comply with your request, we will let you know why.
9. Obtaining a copy of this Privacy Policy
The current version of this Privacy Policy is available on our Sites. If you would like a copy of this Privacy Policy in a different form, please contact us and we will try to meet your request.
10.	Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about how we handle your personal information please contact us using the details below:
E-mail:
privacy@superretailgroup.com
Post:
Privacy Team
Super Retail Group Limited
PO Box 344
Strathpine Queensland 4500
If you make a complaint to us about your personal information, we will aim to respond to your complaint within 30 days. Please provide us enough information so we can respond to your question or concern otherwise we may need to ask you for more information which can delay the process.
If you are not happy with our response, please let us know and we will aim to address any further concerns you have. If you remain unhappy with our response, if you are in Australia, you can contact the Office of the Australian Information Commission (OAIC) at
www.oaic.gov.au
or if you are in New Zealand, you can contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner at
www.privacy.org.nz.
11.	Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be displayed as an updated version on our Sites. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy so you remain informed about how we handle your personal information.
This Privacy Policy is current as at 23 June 2023.
Super Retail Group Limited.
6 Coulthards Avenue
STRATHPINE QLD AUSTRALIA 4500
T.
+61 7 3482 7900
F.
+61 7 3205 8522
Site Map
Terms of Use
Privacy & Security
Web Design Brisbane
- Emu Design