Privacy Policy - Fertility Services and IVF | Monash IVF
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Monash IVF Website and Application (
App
) Collection and Use Disclosure Notice (
Website and App Privacy Policy
) sets out the way in which we handle information collected through our website and App. When you use our website or App you may provide us with personal information, including information collected via third party providers.
Monash IVF has a separate privacy policy (the ‘
Monash IVF Group Privacy Of Your Information Policy
’ or ‘
Privacy Policy
’) which sets out the way in which we will handle your personal information in compliance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and Australian Privacy Principles contained in that Act, and other relevant privacy laws. The purposes for which we collect personal information are set out in more detail in our Privacy Policy.
Use of personal information collected through our Website or App
We will collect your personal information through our website App (such as your email address or other contact details) if you submit an online enquiry, seminar registration to us directly or request access to the App.
We may also collect information that may be considered personal information through third party cookies and pixels. We will take all reasonable steps to minimize the data collected by third party cookies and pixels, and will only use the information for a purpose identified in our Privacy Policy.
Where information collected by Monash IVF is personal information, we will only use this information in accordance with our ‘
Monash IVF Group Privacy Of Your Information Policy
' and relevant privacy laws. The primary purpose for which we collect your information on the Website and App is for administrative and internal business purposes related to the services we provide or may provide to you. Secondary purposes may include marketing, sending newsletters, and providing technology updates.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer, tablet or mobile phone by a website which record your visit and collect statistical information.
Monash IVF uses cookies via our website to improve your browsing experience, track the number of website views and provide you with relevant information across our website and on third party sites including other websites and social media pages.. We use the information sourced from these cookies to help improve our website experience by creating more effective content and developing better user experiences.
PLEASE NOTE:
 This data is anonymous and cannot be tracked back to any one user.
Remarketing with Google Analytics
Monash IVF uses analytics data and the double click cookie to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website. You have the ability to opt out of the double click cookie by visiting the 
Google advertising opt-out page
 or by opting out of Google Analytics by visiting the  
Google Analytics opt-out page
.
If you would like to know more about remarketing, you can view Google’s 
Remarketing Privacy Guidelines
, 
Policies
, and 
Restrictions
 pages.
Other pixel and cookies used by Monash IVF
In addition to Google Analytics, Monash IVF uses the following pixel providers on the website, for the following reasons.
If you would like to opt-out of any pixel use, please follow the instructions set out below.
Third party
pixel
Why do we use them?
How can you opt-out?
Meta
We use Meta Pixel to track user interactions with our website, measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns, and retarget users who have visited our site with relevant ads on Facebook, Instagram, and other Meta platforms.
You can opt-out of Meta Pixel tracking by adjusting your ad preferences on Facebook or Instagram. Visit
Facebook Ad Settings
to manage your preferences.
Matomo
Matomo is used to collect website analytics and user behavior data to help us improve our website’s performance and user experience. It tracks actions like page visits, clicks, and interaction on our website.
You can opt out of Matomo tracking by enabling the
Do Not Track
feature in your browser.
Google GA 4
We use Google Analytics 4 to collect website traffic data and analyze user interactions on our website. This helps us understand how users engage with our content and optimise our site’s performance and improve our experience.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics by installing the
Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On
or by enabling
Do Not Track
in your browser.
Jet Interactive
Jet Interactive helps us collect marketing data to improve user experience and optimise advertising performance. It is used for tracking conversions, user behavior, and engagement.
You can opt out of Jet Interactive tracking by enabling the
Do Not Track
feature in your browser.
Contact us
If you have any questions relating to our Website and App Collection Notice or for further information on how we collect, use, disclose, and store your personal information please view our ‘
Monash IVF Group Privacy of Your Information Policy
’ or don’t hesitate to contact us at 
1800 730 431
, email 
privacy.officer@monashivfgroup.com 
or write to Privacy Officer at Monash IVF Group, Level 1, 510 Church Street, Cremorne VIC 3121.
Start your
fertility journey
Wherever you are on your journey, one of our supportive nurse enquiry team members can help you understand your options and take the next step. These conversations are free and informative.
Book a nurse chat
Book an appointment