Privacy policy
News
Customers
Suppliers
Employees
Contact
Privacy policy
Scope
This privacy policy sets out how we comply with our obligations under the Privacy Act 1988 (Privacy Act). We are bound by the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) in the Privacy Act which regulate how we may collect, use, disclose and store personal information, and how individuals may access and correct personal information we hold about them. In this policy, 'personal information' has the same meaning as defined by Section 6 of the Privacy Act: "information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable:
(a) whether the information or opinion is true or not; and
(b) whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not."
When this privacy policy refers to Aurizon, we or us we mean Aurizon Holdings Limited, and its related bodies corporate.
You should note that our website may contain links or references to other websites to which this privacy policy may not apply. You should review the privacy policy of each of those websites and assess whether those policies are acceptable to you before using those websites.
The kinds of information we collect and hold
We will collect different sorts of personal information from you, depending on how you interact with us. The kinds of personal information we collect and hold include your contact details (such as phone number, postal address and email address), educational qualifications, employment history and complaint details. We may collect information from you because we are required or authorised by an Australian law or court or tribunal order to do so. We will tell you if this is the case and let you know the details of the law, court or tribunal order. Where it is lawful and practicable, we can offer you the opportunity of dealing with us anonymously or using a name other than your own (a “pseudonym”). For example, when you make a general inquiry about our business or community activities. However, in some circumstances, if we cannot collect your personal information we will not be able to progress your query or feedback further, or transact or engage with you (for example processing your employment application).
How we collect and hold personal information
We usually collect personal information directly from you, but may also collect it from someone else (including by our contractors and service providers on our behalf). For example, we may collect information directly from you when you complete a form, sign in as a visitor at our premises, use our website email us or speak to us on the telephone. We also collect personal information from CCTV cameras at our premises.
The personal information we collect is held by us and our third party storage providers on secure servers. We take steps to protect personal information we hold from misuse, interference, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. These steps include:
(a) restricted access to personal information;
(b) using technology products to prevent unauthorised computer access to our databases; and
(c) internal policies in relation to the use of our computers and management of personal information.
If we determine that we no longer need personal information about you for the purpose we collected it, we will securely destroy or de-identify the personal information.
The purposes for which we collect, hold, use and disclose personal information We will only use and disclose your personal information that we hold about you for the primary and related purposes for which we collected it, and for any other purpose you consent to.
The purposes for which we may collect, hold, use and disclose personal information include:
(a) responding to your enquiry or request for information;
(b) resolving a complaint;
(c) investigating safety or other incidents;
(d) assessing your suitability for employment with us;
(e) providing you with investment updates regarding our ASX listed company Aurizon Holdings Limited;
(f) maintaining our share register;
(g) registering your interest as a supplier on our procurement register; and
(h) providing you with information about our business and community activities.
There are a range of people and organisations we disclose your personal information to. The particular party we may disclose your personal information to will depend on the dealings you have with us. Some examples of the parties to whom we may disclose your personal information include: our service providers who provide us with business, marketing, operational, professional and other services; and
advisors and consultants (including our financial and legal advisors).
Overseas disclosures
In certain circumstances we disclose personal information to recipients located in the following overseas countries:
United States of America
Some of our technology and operational service providers are also located overseas. This means that when we use these provider’s services, it may involve disclosing your personal information overseas. We only disclose personal information to our overseas service providers when it is necessary for the services they provide to us.
Using our website
We use cookies and web-tracking tools on our website to identify generic behavioural patterns on use of our website and to compile data that can help us improve the content and functionality of our website. We use Google Analytics which is a web-tracking tool that generates detailed statistics about traffic to our website and traffic sources. Individuals can prevent Google Analytics collecting and using their data by downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out browser add on. The information collected by the web analytics service generally includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, geo-location of IP addresses, the date and time of the individual's visit, the pages the individual visited, how the individual arrived at the webpage, and the computer browser the individual used. We do not use this information to personally identify individuals. The advanced functionality on our website may be affected if cookies are disabled.
Changes to our privacy policy
From time to time, we may change our privacy policy. Our privacy policy was last updated in March 2014. By continuing to use our website or otherwise continuing to deal with us, you accept this privacy policy as it applies from time to time. Any changes to our privacy policy will be published on our website. So please check our website regularly for any updates to our privacy policy. You may obtain a copy of our current policy from our website or by contacting us (see details below).
Accessing and seeking correction of personal information
You have the right to request access to, or request we change, the personal information we hold about you. When you contact us and request access to your personal information, we will need to verify your identity first and ask you further questions so that we can respond to your request as quickly as possible. We can’t give you information about anyone else. We will respond to your request within a reasonable time of you making the request and give you access in the manner you requested, unless it is unreasonable or impracticable for us to do so.
We will allow access or make the changes unless we consider the Privacy Act or another relevant law requires us to withhold the information, or not make the changes. If this is the case, we will let you know these reasons in writing. Making a request is free. But depending on what information you request access to, we may need to charge you for giving you access to the information. The charges will not be excessive, and we will let you know if a charge will apply before we proceed with giving you access. You can obtain further information about how to request access to, or request we change, the personal information we hold about you by contacting us (see details below).
Complaints
If you have a complaint about how we have managed your personal information, you can make a complaint by writing to us (see address details below). Once we have received your complaint, we will investigate and respond to you as soon as we can. We will usually respond within 30 days unless it is unreasonable for us to do so in the circumstances.
We take any privacy complaints seriously and will deal with your complaint fairly and promptly. However, if you are not satisfied with our response or how we handled your complaint, you may also complain to the Office of the Australian Privacy Commissioner (in writing) at:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)
GPO Box 5218
Sydney NSW 2001
Phone:
1300 363 992
TTY:
1800 620 241
Email:
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
How to contact us
You can contact us by the following means:
Telephone:
13 23 32
Post:
Privacy Officer Aurizon
900 Ann Street
Fortitude Valley QLD 4006
Email:
legal@aurizon.com.au
07 376485895