Privacy - Sims Metal
Privacy
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
Welcome to the Sims Group privacy policy.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This privacy policy is issued on behalf of the Sims Group so when we mention
Sims
,
we
,
us
, or
our
in this privacy policy, we are referring to the relevant member of the Sims Group responsible for processing your data.
The Sims Group is made up of different legal entities and business divisions, including
Sims Metal
,
Sims Lifecycle Services
,
Sims Global Trade
,
Sims Resource Renewal
and
Sims Energy
. The parent company of the Sims Group is Sims Limited (ASX:SGM). For a complete list of the legal entities and business divisions that make up the Sims Group, please refer to our latest Annual Report, available
here
.
1.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
Purpose of This Privacy Policy
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how Sims collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to our newsletter, request information or a quote, or purchase one of our products or services.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
Controller
Each Sims Group member whose website you visit and provide information to is the controller and responsible for that website.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the Sims Legal Department using the Contact Details below.
Contact Details
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our Legal Department in the following ways:
Legal entity name:
Sims Limited
Email address:
GDPR.Questions@simsmm.com
Postal address:
200 W. Madison St. Suite 3950 Chicago, IL 60606 USA
Attn: Legal Department
If you remain unsatisfied with the way in which we have handled a privacy issue, you may approach an independent advisor or contact the appropriate authority for guidance on alternative courses of action which may be available or to lodge a complaint. Depending on where you reside, the appropriate authority is:
Australia:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) (
www.oaic.gov.au
).
United Kingdom:
Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) (
www.ico.org.uk
).
European Union:
Your relevant Data Protection Authority (full list available
here
).
We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the appropriate authority listed above, so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the Privacy Policy and Your Duty to Inform Us of Changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated on January 20, 2023.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-Party Links
This website, including this privacy policy, may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
2. THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We
may
collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data
includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If You Fail to Provide Personal Data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3.
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions.
You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
apply for a quote for our products or services;
create an account on our website;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request documents or marketing be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us feedback or contact us.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies.
Third parties or publicly available sources.
We will receive personal data about you from our analytics provider ClickDimensions. The information about your use of our website collected by ClickDimensions (e.g. pages visited) is transmitted to a ClickDimensions server in the USA where it is saved, analysed and the result provided to us.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one legal ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below. If you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f) Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional Offers from Us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us and have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-Party Marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting Out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us at any time.
Where you receive electronic marketing messages from us, you may opt out of receiving further marketing messages by following the opt-out instructions provided in the message.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Change of Purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5.
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may disclose aggregated information about users of our websites, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may share personal data that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy with:
Members of the Sims Group.
Contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only in accordance with our instructions and for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. We require all our third-party service providers to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law and do not allow them to use your personal data for their own purposes.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
6.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We may share your personal data within the Sims Group. This will involve transferring your data outside Australia, the UK, or the European Economic Area (
EEA
), as applicable.
Many of our external third parties are based outside Australia, the UK, or the EEA so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside Australia, the UK, or the EEA, as applicable.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of Australia, the UK, or the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring that at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data. For further details, see
European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries
.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the appropriate data protection authorities which give personal data an adequate level of protection as provided under applicable data protection laws. For further details, see
European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries
.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of Australia, the UK, or the EEA, as applicable.
7.
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. DATA RETENTION
How Long Will You Use My Personal Data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see the Your Legal Rights section for further information.
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data including the right to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy;
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it;
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims;
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it;
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
10. YOUR STATE PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you reside in the United States, state consumer privacy laws may provide their residents with additional rights regarding our use of their personal information. To learn more about California residents’ privacy rights, please visit
https://cppa.ca.gov/
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah each provide their state residents with rights to:
Confirm whether we process their personal information.
Access and delete certain personal information.
Data portability.
Opt-out of personal data processing for targeted advertising and sales.
Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia also provide their state residents with rights to:
Correct inaccuracies in their personal information, taking into account the information’s nature processing purpose.
Opt-out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the contact information provided above. To appeal a decision regarding a consumer rights request please email us at
GDPR.Questions@simsmm.com
with the subject line: REQUEST FOR APPEAL OF DECISION. We will respond to the appeal request within 45, which, if necessary, may be extended to 60 days upon notice to you.
Nevada provides its residents with a limited right to opt-out of certain personal information sales. Residents who wish to exercise this sale opt-out rights may submit a request to this designated address:
GDPR.Questions@simsmm.com
. However, please know we do not currently sell data triggering that statute’s opt-out requirements.
11. CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 16
Our website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us.
California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see the Your State Privacy Rights section for more information.