Domino's Privacy Policy Australia & New Zealand
Domino's Privacy Policy
Australia & New Zealand
Find out more about
Domino's Privacy Philosophy here
.
Last updated: 21 August 2025
Domino's Pizza Enterprises Limited and Domino’s Pizza New Zealand Limited ("Domino's") respects the privacy of individuals. This Privacy Policy sets out the way in which Domino's and its franchisees ("we" or "us") collect, hold, disclose, use and protect your personal information.
By visiting any third party food ordering application or platform, or by visiting any of our websites (including by using an application on a smart device), creating any accounts with, Domino’s Rewards, VIP club or our Digital Asset Management services ("DAM"), placing an order with any of our stores (including franchise stores) or providing us with your personal information, you agree to your personal information being collected, held, used and disclosed as set out in this Privacy Policy. References to 'website' include the following: https://www.dominos.com.au, https://www.dominos.co.nz or any other site, services (including web-services), software, application or media managed by Domino's.
You do not have to provide us with your personal information but if you do not provide us with the information we require we may not be able to assist you process your job application, franchise application or expression of interest in a franchise, process your order, participate in Domino’s Rewards or provide you with access to "DAM" or allow you physical access to any of our premises. If you do not agree with the practices described in this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with your personal information or interact with our websites.
The Domino's Privacy Policy forms part of the Terms & Conditions of Use and can be found following either of these links, or a copy is available at the Domino’s Head Office Reception:
https://www.dominos.com.au/corporate/terms-conditions
https://www.dominos.co.nz/corporate/terms-conditions
Revisions to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this policy from time to time whenever necessary so we recommend you check our website regularly to stay informed of any updates. If we think any material changes to this Privacy Policy will have a significant effect on you, we may notify you by email or put a notice on the homepage www.dominos.com.au of our websites. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the date it was "Last Updated" above.
If you continue to use our websites, place an order with any of our stores or provide further personal information to us after this Privacy Policy has been revised you will be deemed to have accepted the revised policy.
What
Information
do we collect about you?
We collect personal information (“Information”) necessary for us to process your order, process a refund of your order, register you for an account such as Domino’s Rewards, VIP club, Domino’s Online Ordering or DAM, process your application for employment or an expression of interest for a franchise, provide you with information about new franchising opportunities and/or provide you with other services and/or the assistance you have requested. Where practicable, we will give you the option of interacting with us anonymously.
Customers of Domino’s
The Information which we collect from you and hold includes your first and last name, day and month of birth, postal address, telephone and mobile number(s), email address, details of your order (i.e. your last four orders, your delivery address or preferred pick-up location), IP address and credit card details. In respect of your credit card details we only hold limited information as detailed further below under ‘How and why do we use your information? Payment Details’. If required, we may request your bank details in order to process a refund of your order.
When you place an order with us online using the Domino's Pizza internet ordering system (whether via the Domino’s website itself or an application on a smart device), we collect additional Information from you such as:
your IP address as part of your order;
your feedback;
your entries into our competitions and draws;
your menu preferences and previous order information;
any delivery instructions or comments;
if you use an eVoucher or InstaGift™ we collect your order details, if you have used it, when you used it; and/or
any information, personal or otherwise, that you include in your order either by telephone, in person or via online ordering or an App about your delivery instructions.
We may also collect your smart device ID and use your smart device’s location services (with your consent) in order to provide you with Domino’s application services. See the ‘Domino’s applications for smart devices’ section below for further information.
Domino’s Jobs
When you apply for a job with us or apply to become a franchisee we also collect information about you, including sensitive information, for the purposes of assessing your suitability as a Domino's Pizza employee or franchisee (to which you have consented).
When you apply for a job with us through jobs.dominos.com.au, jobs.dominospizza.co.nz or otherwise, we (or our franchisee as the case may be) may collect the following details from you:
full name;
date of birth;
whether you are legally allowed to work in Australia or New Zealand (as applicable);
home address;
contact telephone numbers;
email address;
employment record;
level of education;
references (it is your responsibility to provide us with contact details of people who have provided their express consent to you for their Information to be included in your employment application);
drivers licence details;
the make, model and registration number of your motor vehicle, if you are applying as a driver in our stores; and/or
your gender.
We may also require you to provide sensitive information about any pre-existing injuries or medical conditions which may affect your ability to carry out the job, or which may be aggravated by the job, you are applying for. The sensitive information we collect and use in these circumstances is further set out under the section ‘How we use your Information? Sensitive information' below.
In order to apply for a job through jobs.dominos.com.au or jobs.dominospizza.co.nz, you will be required to create an online account which is secured with a password of your choosing. The ‘Your Details’ section in your online account will display some of the above-mentioned Information collected by Domino’s and the ‘Your Applications’ section will show your recent job applications.
If you have any queries regarding the information contained in your online account, or would like to update any of this information, please contact the Domino’s Training team by email at Training@dominos.com.au.
Franchise application/expression of interest
When you apply for a franchise with us, or submit an expression of interest for a franchise with us (whether through our website or a third party website), we, or a third party acting on our behalf, will collect Information from you (including but not limited to):
full name;
date of birth;
address;
contact details;
citizenship status;
marital status;
language skills;
health;
education;
work experience;
business experience;
employment;
police check information;
financial position; and
credit check information.
Where an expression of interest for a franchise with us has been submitted using a third party website, you acknowledge that any personal information provided with this expression of interest may be used by us for any of the purposes outlined under section ‘How we use your Information? Franchise application/expression of interest’ below.
Tracking applications
If you are employed or engaged as a delivery driver at one of our stores, we may require you to install a mobile application, DPE GPS Driver App, to your mobile device and use the application during your shift. The DPE GPS Driver App will assist us and our customers to monitor the progress of order deliveries and aims to ensure the safety of our delivery staff.  The Information collected by us via the App includes:
your location at all times during your shift; and/or
data from your mobile device to detect unsafe driving behaviour such as speeding or harsh braking and acceleration.
If you are a customer of Domino’s, in connection with a tracked order delivery, a driver tracker page may be available in order to track your order in real time. On this page you may be presented with fun facts, trivia and other types of questions. These facts/trivia/questions are provided as entertainment and any responses submitted by you may be used for purposes such as measuring customer engagement and market research (which may involve providing your de-identified responses to a third party for analysis), so that we can better understand the needs of our customers and tailor our future products and services accordingly.
DAM Account
If you seek access to our Digital Asset Management service, we require your email address, your name, and the company you work with in order to provide you with access. We will provide you with a password for accessing your account. Your access to the account is at our discretion and we may grant, restrict or remove your access at any time.
How do we collect your Information?
We collect your Information in various ways, including when you:
visit any of our websites (including any application managed by Domino’s);
register to use any platforms, including Domino’s Online Ordering, Domino’s Rewards, VIP club or DAM operated by or on behalf of Domino’s;
when you "Like" our Facebook page or participate in any surveys, promotions and competitions through our Facebook page;
place an order via online ordering (whether on our website itself or in an application);
interact with our franchise recruitment website or participate in the franchise recruitment process;
interact or follow our social media pages/profiles like Google+, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram;
use our mobile apps, including our DPE GPS Driver App if you are a delivery driver for us, and VIP club subscriber app;
enter into our competition or promotion through any medium;
subscribe to our electronic direct marketing (“eDM”) mailing list;
participate in a survey;
participate in focus groups, polling and market research activities;
register as a VIP club member;
apply for a job with us;
call our IT Service Desk phone line, where your call will be recorded for quality and training purposes, provided that you consent to the call to be recorded;
request information regarding our franchise system (including future franchising opportunities);
submit feedback;
submit any query to our Privacy Officer;
place an order via a store, telephone or the Domino's Pizza internet ordering system, mobile sites/devices and applications;
provide any instructions to a customer service representative or via online ordering or an App about your delivery;
request that your order is delivered and the delivery is made by a driver who is using the DPE GPS Driver App;
enable location tracking services on your smart device as part of an on time cooking order;
purchase or use an InstaGift;
directly provide the Information to us pursuant to a request made by Domino’s; and/or
visit the Domino’s Headoffice Reception.
Except as noted in this Privacy Policy, where possible Domino's or its franchisee will collect your Information directly from you. However, there may be occasions when your Information is collected from someone else (for example Domino's may collect your Information from its franchisees, network companies, service providers and other third parties so that we may provide an enhanced and more relevant user experience, service or product to you). Where Domino's or its franchisee collect your Information from someone other than you, Domino's or the franchisee will take reasonable steps to inform you of this (if this is not already disclosed in this Privacy Policy). No matter how we obtain the Information, your Information is collected, held, used and disclosed by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
External Account (Facebook, Google and PayPal) (Australia only)
If you chose to create a Domino’s Online Ordering account using an existing Facebook, Google or PayPal ("External Account Provider") account ("External Account"), you are providing Domino’s with permission to obtain your Information via the External Account Provider. The information that we obtain from the External Account Provider will be confirmed by the External Account Provider during the Domino’s account creation process. Please review the External Account Provider’s privacy policy for further information about the information they hold and their information sharing practices.
Please note that after completing this process, your Domino’s Online Ordering account will be linked with your External Account. Your Domino’s Online Ordering Account will be accessible so long as your External Account remains active.
How and why do we use your Information?
We use your Information for a variety of purposes including for processing orders, providing our products and/or services to you and for any other purpose for which it was provided to us, or other related purposes and as permitted or required by law. Such purposes include, but are not limited, to the following:
providing you with email and/or SMS confirmation of your order;
providing you with an email confirming your purchase/receipt of an InstaGift;
providing you with the assistance, products and/or services you have requested (this includes services and functions on a downloaded Domino’s application for a smart device);
to create a new Domino's Online Ordering account;
allowing you to participate as a Domino’s Rewards member, VIP club member or register on any platform operated by or on behalf of Domino’s;
allowing you access to DAM;
processing any job application you may submit;
processing any franchise application you may submit via our franchise recruitment team or our website;
processing any expression of interest you may submit via our franchise recruitment team, our website or a third party website;
providing you with any franchise information you may request;
providing you with information about new franchising opportunities;
processing any orders you place with us (including displaying your order name and order status on screen in store);
to do our best to ensure your delivery meets the instructions you provide to us;
processing a refund of any orders your place with us;
determining the number of visitors to our websites and conducting reviews of our websites;
judging competitions, fulfilling prizes, awards and purchases;
keeping you informed about any changes to our websites as well as good and/or services;
conducting market research (including focus groups, panels and surveys) so that we can better understand the needs of our customers and tailor our future products and services accordingly;
conducting analyses of orders and purchasing habits so that we can better tailor the ordering experience, products and services for our customers;
for advertising and direct marketing, including sending you offers or information on products or services that we consider will be of interest to you or authorising third parties to send their offers or information on products or services where you have indicated interest in or consented to receiving third party offers;
to assist in the delivery of your order to your door and to verify your credit card or PayPal (available in Australia only) payment;
to help you remember and re-order from our menu in future;
to provide you with an SMS to inform you when your order is on its way or ready for pick-up from one of our stores;
requesting your feedback on our products and/or services;
responding to any complaints, enquiries and feedback;
unsubscribing your details from our databases;
sales trends analysis, stock management and sales and stock reporting;
any other purposes identified at the time of collecting your Information;
to prevent fraud, comply with any legal obligation or as otherwise permitted or required by law; and
processing and completing your delivery order through third party delivery representatives (selected stores/orders).
Sometimes we receive data from our affiliates, customers and other third parties that helps us (or them) understand our customer’s online, ordering and purchasing activity, and generally make Domino’s a better experience for our customer. For example, a customer’s order may tell us information about the customer (like what their pizza or sides preferences are) in order to measure the effectiveness of - and improve the quality of – our customer’s ordering experience.
We may also put together data from the information we already have about a customer so we can offer and suggest a variety of products, deals or offers and features to our customer, or customize the ordering experience for the customer.
Domino’s Jobs/Franchise application/expression of interest
You acknowledge that consent has been provided for us to collect and use your personal information for the purpose of:
assessing your suitability as a Domino's employee, franchise store employee or franchisee at the time of making your application/submitting your expression of interest; and/or
sending you information about future franchising opportunities.
Payment details
We do not store any credit card details for in-store orders.
Internet orders can be paid by cash in store, debit cards, gift voucher, InstaGift, e-voucher or pre-paid using PayPal (available in Australia only), AndroidPay (via the Domino’s App only), ApplePay (via the Domino’s App, available in Australia only), or a valid credit card (which must be presented upon receipt of your order). Your credit card details are required to process payment on the internet order system however the full details are not saved once the order is processed. The credit card details we hold are: the name on the card, expiry date and the masked version of the credit card (ie first 6 digits and last 4 digits).
If you are a registered member of the online ordering system, you may have the ability to save your preferred payment method. You will be able to update this at any time by logging in to your registered account. We reiterate that your full payment details are not stored in your Domino’s registered account, but rather with our PCI compliant payment gateway providers:
Cybersource (AUS) or Adyen (NZ) (credit card payments);
ApplePay;
AndroidPay; and
Refer to the section under ‘Third Party disclosure of your Information’ for more information about these payment gateway providers.
Third Party disclosure of your Information
Domino's and its franchisees will share your Information between themselves and with other third parties for the purpose for which the Information was collected or for a related secondary purpose, including to:
meet the purpose for which it was submitted to us or them;
our related entities, suppliers and third parties who provide services to us or on our behalf or provide a service to you (for example third parties processing your online payments, third parties providing analyses of customer ordering, IT and cloud storage service providers and processors, third party suppliers providing security services (eg Google reCAPTCHA), third party suppliers providing our SMS service and mailing houses and third parties operating certain features available from our website such an ‘adboost’ platform);
entities which you have expressly allowed us to disclose your Information to;
any entities that we or our franchisees are required or permitted by law to disclose your Information to;
government and health authorities and other relevant entities in regard to contact tracing in relation to public health matters;
if your personal Information is collected in connection with a joint promoter or service provider, to that joint promoter or service provider for marketing and research purposes;
if you use a credit card to place an order via our website, mobile site or app, your details will be passed on to our credit card processor who will receive and process your credit card details for such orders. Presently Cybersource provide this service in Australia and Adyen provide this service in New Zealand. Cybersource and Adyen are secure internet payment gateways that secure your credit card number during transmission. See http://www.cybersource.com/ and http://www.adyen.com for further information;
if you use PayPal (available in Australia only) to place an order via our website, mobile site or app, your details will be received by PayPal in order to process the order. For more information on PayPal see: https://www.paypal.com/au/home;
if you use AndroidPay to place an order via our app, your details will be received by Google in order to process the order. For more information on AndroidPay see: https://www.android.com/intl/en_au/pay/;
if you use ApplePay to place an order via our app (available in Australia only), your details will be received by Apple in order to process the order. For more information on ApplePay see: http://www.apple.com/au/apple-pay/;
if you place an order online and express interest in certain third party offers, products or services, we may provide and share your Information with the providers of those third party offers including external creative agencies, advertising and marketing companies and third party suppliers of goods and services so they can contact you directly to advertise and market their goods and services to you and to personalise the advertising and promotional material you receive from us and them;
we may share Information with agents, affiliates or service providers who act for or on behalf of us in connection with our business, or for further processing in accordance with the purpose(s) for which the Information was originally collected;
any other third parties notified to you at the time of collecting your Information or after the collection of your Information; and
process and complete your delivery order through third party delivery representatives (selected stores/orders).
It is likely that your Information will be disclosed to overseas recipients as some of our related entities and third party service providers are located in countries outside of Australia (including but not limited to the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, India, United Kingdom, New Zealand, United States of America, Germany, the Netherlands, France, Belgium and Ireland). Our contracts with these parties generally include an obligation for them to comply with the requirements of the applicable Australian privacy laws and this Privacy Policy. However you acknowledge that, by agreeing to the disclosure of your Information to these entities outside of Australia, we will no longer be required to take reasonable steps to ensure the overseas recipient's compliance with the Australian privacy laws in relation to your Information and we will not be liable to you for any breach of the applicable Australian privacy law by these overseas recipients and, on this basis, you consent to such disclosure.
Where we disclose your Information to our affiliates, your Information will be collected, used, held and disclosed by them in accordance with their privacy policy.
Domino’s Rewards (currently in trial period, available to customers of limited ACT and SA stores only)
Domino’s Rewards is a customer loyalty program which customers may join by opting-in.   Existing Domino’s Online Ordering account holders can activate Domino’s Rewards by following the prompts and clicking to ‘activate Rewards’ when completing an online order.  New customers can activate Domino’s Rewards when creating a Domino’s Online Ordering account or by following the prompts and clicking to ‘create account’ when completing an online order.
By joining Domino’s Rewards, members will receive marketing communication by email and SMS in addition to service messages related to your participation in Domino’s Rewards.
Members may opt-out of Domino’s Rewards at any time by logging into their Domino’s Online Ordering account, selecting the Rewards page and clicking on the opt-out link at the bottom of the page.
VIP club membership
VIP club is Domino's electronic communications database which our customers may join by opting-in. During your order via the Domino's Pizza internet ordering system, you will be asked if you would like to become a VIP club member. To become a member you need to tick the box electing to become a VIP club member.
You may also provide your Information to join as a VIP club member at the point-of sale in store, through the front page of our websites, sign up in store or via a VIP club kiosk in store or otherwise.
The database is utilised to send emails containing information such as promotions, targeted offers (including third party suppliers/partners), survey information, user feedback, value offers, news and competitions to subscribers (Members). VIP club Members also have the choice to opt-in to receive communication (including commercial messages and order confirmations) via SMS and, if they opt-in to this service, Domino's may send offers and deals via SMS to these members from time to time. Members are able to opt-out from receiving further email communication or SMS at the bottom of each VIP club email and SMS.
Free Wifi access – participating stores only
We use a variety of technical means to enable user authentication which may include cookies. We may also use information from your usage of the Wifi for service monitoring and improvement purposes.
If Domino’s or any affiliate is subject to any claim or request for information about your use of the Wifi, we may disclose information about you (for example, your IP address or the email address associated with your VIP club membership).
Access, accuracy and security
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your Information that we collect and hold is accurate, complete and up-to-date. However, we rely on you to advise us of any changes to your Information to help us maintain accurate, complete and up-to-date information. Please let us know if you believe that any of your Information requires updating or correction by contacting our Privacy Officer – see the ‘Contact Us’ section below or by updating your details through the relevant Domino’s Jobs website, your franchise application or through any other account/profile management platform operated by or on behalf of Domino’s. After receiving a request from you, we will take reasonable steps to correct your Information.
You can request access to, or deletion of, your Information that we hold at any time by contacting our Privacy Officer - see the ‘Contact Us’ section below.
We may decline your request to access or correct or delete your Information in certain circumstances in accordance with the applicable privacy laws. If we do refuse your request, we will provide you with a reason for our decision and, in the case of a request for correction, we will include a statement with your Information about the requested correction.
We will take reasonable steps to protect your Information from misuse, interference, loss and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. However, no data protection or security measure is completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your Information, particularly in relation to online transmissions. You must take care to ensure you protect your Information (for example, by protecting your usernames and passwords) and you must notify us as soon as possible after you become aware of any security breaches.
Sensitive information
As mentioned under the heading ‘What Information do we collect about you? Domino’s Jobs’, when you apply for a job with us you may be asked to disclose any pre-existing injuries or medical conditions which may affect your ability to carry out the job, or which may be aggravated by the job, you are applying for. This information will only be used for the purpose of assessing your suitability as a Domino's Pizza employee.
This information will only be collected with your consent. Your completion of the job application (and consequently the provision of such information as part of the application) will be treated as your consent.
We will not collect, use or disclose any other sensitive information such as information about racial or ethnic origins or political or religious beliefs.
Clickstream Data and Advertising
Each time you visit our websites our server collects some anonymous information, known as click-stream data, including the type of browser and system you are using; the address of the site you have come from and move to after your visit; the date and time of your visit; and your server's IP address.
Domino's may collect this information for statistical purposes to find out how the websites are used and navigated, including the number of hits, the frequency and duration of visits, most popular session times. Domino's may use this information to evaluate and improve the Domino's websites.
To try and bring you offers that we think may interest you, we have relationships with third party companies (for example DoubleClick and ROKT) that we allow to place advertisements on our websites. If you visit our websites, ad serving or data analytics companies may place cookies on your browser to capture information from you such as your domain type, your IP address, your web usage behaviour whilst on the page (including how you were referred to the page), Google-authenticated identifiers and clickstream information. Any information collected by such third parties is subject to their privacy policies and terms of use (which can be found at Double Click (www.doubleclick.net), Google Analytics (www.google.com.au/policies/privacy and http://www.google.com.au/analytics/terms/us.html) and ROKT (http://rokt.com/blog/privacy-policy/)).
If you wish to opt out of Google Analytics tracking, you can find detail on how to do so at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en.
Domino’s applications for smart devices
Domino’s offers various applications for smart devices; these applications allow you to (amongst other things) order pizzas, track your order, locate your nearest store and receive vouchers or current deal notifications.
You will be able to access your Domino’s Online Ordering account using these applications.
In addition to recording your smart device’s IP address as part of your online order, your smart device’s ID may also be recorded in order to effectively provide you with the application’s services.
A Domino’s application may seek to activate location tracking services on your smart device. This function may result in your location being used for purposes such as:
marketing (i.e. a nearby store sending you a special deal); or
identification of your closest Domino’s store.
You will have the ability to opt out of these location tracking services by:
declining this option when first prompted by the application; or
manually turning this function off within your smart device’s settings.
On Time Cooking order
As part of an On Time Cooking order, you will be provided with the option to:
activate location tracking services on your smart device; or
enter the address that you will be leaving from to collect your order.
If location tracking services are activated, cooking will only commence once you are on-route to the store.
We will stop tracking your location once your order has been collected or after 3 hours, whichever is earlier.
If you instead choose to enter your address, the store will estimate your travel time and commence cooking accordingly.
Using the location data provided, the store will endeavour to provide you with a hotter, fresher pizza, ready upon your arrival.
Any location data obtained will be deleted after seven days.
For further information about On Time Cooking orders, please refer to our Website Terms and Conditions.
Cookies
A Cookie is a piece of information that our web server may send to your machine when you visit one of our websites. A Cookie helps us to recognise you when you re-visit our sites and to co-ordinate your access to different pages on the sites. We also use Cookies to track online advertising performance and eDM movement. By selecting the "Remember My Details" function (e.g. Remember my Delivery Details or Remember my Pick-up Details) during the online ordering process, you are agreeing to the storage of a cookie on your computer/device that contains your Information. This function will only work if your computer/device is cookie-enabled.
For example, once you have placed a new pizza order you will be offered the opportunity to personalise your order so that the system remembers it for future use. A cookie will be set on your machine that enables us to recognise your computer when you return to order your favourite pizza next time.
These cookies may also help us to pre-fill certain forms on our website (including promotions run by third parties) with your details in order to save you time. Please note that where you agree to partake in a third party’s promotion, any Information provided for the purpose of that promotion will be stored in accordance with that third party entity’s privacy policy.
With most Internet Browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies, or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. If you want to do this, refer to your Browser instructions or help screen to learn more. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of our sites.
Links to other sites
Our website may contain links to other websites of third parties. A link to a third party website is not an endorsement of the accuracy or trustworthiness of that website or its content and any information collected by such websites will be subject to that website's privacy policy.
The Domino’s website may be accessible through or contain connections to areas where you may be able to publicly post information, communicate with others, review products and submit media content. Prior to posting in these areas please read the Domino’s Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy carefully. All the information you post may be accessible to anyone with Internet access and any Information you include in your posting may be read, collected and used by others.
How to stop receiving communication from us
To stop receiving the SMS service, follow the instructions contained in the SMS.
To stop receiving any email correspondence from us, simply click on the link to unsubscribe.
To remove your details from any of our marketing and communication databases simply email the Privacy Officer at
privacy@dominos.com.au
(if you are in Australia) or
privacy@dominos.co.nz
(if you are in New Zealand) .
If your information has been shared with a third party by us, based on your consent to do so, you may contact that third party directly and opt out of any direct marketing from them.
Complaints Procedure
If you wish to make a complaint about the way in which your Information has been handled by Domino’s, including a breach of this Privacy Policy or the Australian Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) or the New Zealand Information Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act 2020 (NZ), you can lodge a formal complaint in writing to the Domino's Privacy Officer using the contact details set out in the ‘Contact Us’ section below. You will need to provide sufficient details regarding your complaint as well as any supporting evidence and/or information.
Domino’s will first consider your complaint to determine whether there are simple or immediate steps which can be taken to resolve the complaint. We will generally respond to your complaint within a week.
If your complaint requires more detailed consideration or investigation, we will acknowledge receipt of your complaint within a week and endeavour to complete our investigation into your complaint promptly.  We may ask you to provide further information about your complaint and the outcome you are seeking.  We will then typically gather relevant facts, locate and review relevant documents and speak with the individuals involved.
In most cases, we will investigate and respond to a complaint within 30 days of receipt of the complaint.  If the matter is more complex or our investigation may take longer, we will let you know.
If you are not satisfied with  our response to your complaint or you consider that Domino’s may have breached the applicable Australian or New Zealand privacy laws, you may refer your complaint to:
if you are in Australia, the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC). The OAIC can be contacted by telephone on 1300 363 992 or by using the contact details on the website www.oaic.gov.au.
if you are in New Zealand, the Office of the Privacy Commissioner (OPC). The OPC can be contacted by telephone on 0800 803 909 or by using the contact details on the website www.privacy.org.nz.
Contact Us
If you have any queries regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact the Domino's Privacy Officer in writing to Level 1, 'KSD1', 485 Kingsford Smith Drive, Hamilton Queensland 4007 Australia, by telephone on +61 7 3633 3333 or by email at
privacy@dominos.com.au
(if you are in Australia) or
privacy@dominos.co.nz
(if you are in New Zealand).