Privacy Policy | Peet Limited
Privacy Policy
Peet Limited, all subsidiaries of Peet Limited, its related entities and entities for which Peet Limited is ultimately responsible for its management or other professional services (
Peet
,
we
,
us
,
our
) are bound by the
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth) (
Privacy Act
). We collect and hold personal information about you, such as your name and contact details, financial details including about your income and credit worthiness, and any other information that we require to do business with you.
Collection, maintenance and disclosure of certain personal information are governed by legislation including the Privacy Act,
Corporations Act 2001
(Cth) or other legislation.
Peet recognises that your privacy is important and is committed to protecting your personal information.
We collect this information about you in order to provide you with an appropriate product or service, to maintain our business records, for the purposes of future employment and otherwise run our business and facilitate distribution of payments and communications to you.
We will collect your personal information directly from you except where doing so would be impracticable or unreasonable. You may refuse to provide us with some or all of your personal information, however, doing so may limit the ways in which we can interact with you.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties, including our related companies, representatives, business partners, contractors and agents, community partners, our professional advisers, auditors and insurers and your representatives and agents. We are unlikely to disclose your personal information outside of Australia.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains how you can seek access to, and correction of, the personal information that we hold about you, as well as how you can make a complaint about the handling of your personal information and how we deal with complaints.
Any questions, concerns or complaints can be directed to the Privacy Officer at PO Box 7224, Cloisters Square, Perth WA 6850 or
privacy@peet.com.au
or +61 8 9420 1111.