Privacy Policy | Our Commitment to Your Privacy | Centuria Capital
Centuria Privacy Policy
This Policy has application to the following entities:
Centuria Capital Limited
Subsidiary entities of Centuria Capital Limited including: Centuria Funds Management Limited, Centuria Life Limited, Centuria Property Funds Limited, Centuria Property Funds No. 2 Limited Over Fifty Seniors Equity Release Pty Ltd, Centuria Healthcare Pty Limited, Centuria Healthcare Asset Management Limited, Primewest Group Limited and its subsidiaries Primewest Management Ltd and Primewest Funds Ltd.
The Over 50s Guardian Friendly Society Limited.
Centuria Bass Credit Pty Limited (Centuria Bass), which is a joint venture between Bass Capital Partners and Centuria Capital Group. Centuria Bass also has a Privacy Policy, which is available on the Centuria Bass website
Centuria Bass Privacy Policy
(collectively referred to as ‘Centuria’)
Centuria recognises the importance of safeguarding your privacy and are committed to complying with the Australian Privacy Principles which set the standard for how organisations should deal with personal information. The Australian Privacy Principles (the APPs) are found in amendments to the Privacy Act 1988 which are effective from 12 March 2014.
We trust that this Privacy Policy will help you to understand how Centuria collects, uses, discloses and manages your personal information.
This Policy is made available on the Centuria web site
centuria.com.au/privacy
and you may also request a free copy in an appropriate form.
You also have the option of not identifying yourself to Centuria or you may use a pseudonym. We can provide you with general information on Centuria and its products in these instances. You will be required to identify yourself where required by law or it is impractical not to do so. Examples include applying for or making a change to an investment, requesting personal information or lodging a complaint.
Manage your consent settings
You have loaded the Cookie Policy without javascript support. On AMP, you can use the manage consent button on the bottom of the page.
What information do we collect?
The type of information collected by us will depend upon your relationship with Centuria and may include:
name and title
address
contact details
detail on entities through which you invest
date of birth
bank account details
detail on your nominated beneficiaries (for friendly society bonds)
shareholding details (for shareholders in Centuria Capital Limited)
Taxation Identification Number e.g. Tax File Number.
How we collect your information
In most cases, and wherever possible, Centuria will try to collect personal information only from you. Information will be collected through various company forms and from you directly, either in writing or verbally. We may also collect information about you from third parties, including:
Financial advisers
Outsourced registry providers
Credit reporting bodies
Public websites
Contractors
Tenants
Other third parties you have authorised.
How your information is held
Your personal information is held in our registry systems for our investors and shareholders. These are either 3rd party specialist registry service providers or through an in-house registry system. Reverse mortgages borrower information is held internally and with external loan servicing and custodial service providers.
Generally personal information is stored electronically with hard copy records retained and archived with an archival service provider. Hard copies of leases and other agreements and contracts will be kept in a locked cupboard or fireproof safe (as required).
Generally, we do not combine or link other personal information held about you. The exception is when you notify us in an investment application that you have previously invested with us. In these situations, we will add the new investment to the existing client profile so that all investments are linked to under one client profile. Where available, we may also offer a service that will enable you to link your personal information when you have invested in different products across different Centuria subsidiaries so that you can choose to consolidate your investments in one online login etc.
All internal systems are subject to the security measures detailed in this policy. All external service providers are contractually required to hold personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act.
How do we use your personal information?
Centuria collects personal information about you primarily:
to provide you with the products and services you request
to provide you with the information you request
to verify your identity before transactions are processed, your instructions are carried out, or providing you with information about your investment
to administer your financial product or loan
to provide you with information about other products or services offered by Centuria or its related entities. This includes sharing your information within the Centuria group, including Centuria Bass, so we can inform you about our other products unless you opt out of receiving marketing material.
to respond to your enquiries or complaints
to prepare internal reporting that includes identifiable customer information (e.g. customer sales or marketing information, complaints or issues reporting, registry operations reporting) to satisfy any legal requirements.
Anti-money laundering and counter terrorism legislation
The Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006 (AML/CTF Act) is aimed at addressing money laundering in Australia and the threat to national security caused by terrorism. This legislation requires us to collect identification information from investors into our investment products and reverse mortgage borrowers and to verify your identity from original or certified copies of specified documents or perform electronic verification. Details of what identification information and documentation you are required to provide are set out in transactional based forms. We may also contact you to follow up and clarify certain information.
Under this legislation we are also required to monitor transactions to identify any suspicious activity within any of our investment products.
As required under the AML/ CTF Act, we may, in our absolute discretion, without notice to you, disclose or otherwise report details of any transaction or activity, or proposed transaction or activity (including any personal information) to the relevant reporting body.
Disclosure of personal information
Personal information held by Centuria may be disclosed to third parties such as:
outsourced service providers, including administration, custodial and registry service providers; printers and mailing houses, information technology systems
software providers, actuaries, professional advisers and research organisations
business partners, including insurance underwriters
government agencies including APRA, ASIC, AUSTRAC, Centrelink, Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) or the ATO
related companies
credit reporting bodies, where a person is in default in relation to loan or other credit arrangements
financial intermediaries such as financial planners and taxation or accounting advisers
other third parties you have authorised to receive your personal information.
Where Centuria contracts with an outsourced service provider or business partner we take reasonable steps to protect the privacy of any information disclosed to them. This includes inserting confidentiality provisions and a requirement to comply with the Privacy Act in our contractual arrangements.
Disclosure to entities in other countries
Centuria’s registry and administration service provider for its friendly society business may perform or engage parties who are located overseas to perform certain services overseas including back-office and anti-money laundering counter-terrorism financing screening services. As a result, personal information collected by Centuria may be disclosed to a recipient in a foreign country. The countries in which such overseas recipients are likely to be located are the United Kingdom, New Zealand, the United States of America, Canada, Singapore, The Netherlands, India and the Philippines.
Centuria’s registry and administrative service provider is contractually required to takes reasonable steps to ensure the overseas recipients comply with the APPs. This is achieved by implementing contractual arrangements with overseas service providers to ensure the personal information is appropriately safeguarded and to ensure that these overseas service providers comply with the APPs.
Credit reporting
If you make an application for credit, Centuria can access a copy of your individual credit report from a Credit Reporting Body (CRB) to help us make a decision about whether or not to grant the application.
We may also disclose your credit information to a CRB if you fail to meet your payment obligations to us, or if you commit a serious credit infringement, in relation to consumer credit for our products or services.
In turn, the CRB may include your personal information in credit reporting information they provide to other credit providers.
Declining product or service offers (Opting-out)
From time to time Centuria may wish to use your information to tell you about other products, services or special offers that we think may be of interest to you. Please let us know if you do not want to receive these offers by contacting us using the contact details noted below or selecting the unsubscribe option in an email.
Quality of information
Centuria aims to ensure that the personal information we retain about you is accurate, complete and up to date. Please provide us with complete and accurate information and keep us informed of any changes in your details such as a change of address.
If you do not provide all or part of the personal information that we request, we may not be able to contact you or to administer your investment properly.
If you believe that the information we hold about you is inaccurate please contact us directly using the contact details provide below, so that we can update our records.
Security of information
Centuria will at all times take steps to protect your personal information from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Your personal information is treated as confidential.
Employees and contractors of the Centuria are bound by confidentiality obligations.
Passwords, firewalls and virus protection are used by Centuria with a view to ensuring the security and integrity of the information technology systems that hold your information.
All premises housing our systems and other copies of your information are monitored and protected by security alarms and access card or key lock entry. Service providers who hold personal information are contractually required to hold information in accordance with the Privacy Act and Centuria obtains periodic confirmation of adequate information security management.
DATA breaches notification
We will promptly notify you if we are aware of or have reasonable grounds to believe that your personal information held by us is involved in an eligible notifiable data breach and involves personal information being lost or subjected to unauthorised access or unauthorised disclosure which is likely to result in serious harm. Our notification to you will include recommendations about the steps you should take in response to the breach and will not be anytime longer than 30 days from when the determination has been made by our management that the breach may cause serious harm. We will also notify the
OAIC
of the data breach.
Our assessment and escalation of such breaches will be in done in accordance with our Incident & Breach Reporting Policy and procedures.
Your rights of access and correction
You are entitled to obtain access to your personal information subject to some exceptions allowed by law. You may also request that Centuria correct or update information that we hold on you. We encourage our customers to ensure that their personal information is accurate and up to date, particularly mailing address and contact details. We include regular reminders in correspondence with our customers.
If you wish to make a request for access to your personal information, please contact us using the contact details below.
Use of cookies by Centuria Capital Limited
For statistical purposes Centuria may collect information on its website activity (such as number of users who visit our website, the date and time of visits, the number of pages viewed, navigation patterns, what country and what systems users have used to access the site, and when entering our website from another website, the address of that website) through the use of ‘cookies’. This information on its own does not identify an individual but it does identify a user’s browser type and their Internet service provider. Cookies also provide Centuria with statistics that can be used to analyse and improve our website.
A ‘cookie’ is a packet of information that allows the server (the computer that houses the website) to identify and interact more effectively with the user’s computer. In some cases we may also collect your personal information through the use of cookies. When you access our website, we may send a “cookie” (which is a small summary file containing a unique ID number) to your computer. This enables us to recognise your computer and will assist if you are completing forms as it will pre-fill with any data you have already provided to us such as your name and email address. It also enables us to keep track of products and pages you view so that, if you consent, we may send you news about those products. We also use cookies to measure traffic patterns, to determine which areas of our website have been visited and to measure transaction patterns in the aggregate. We use this to research our users’ habits so that we can improve our website. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you can set your browser so that your computer does not accept them.
We may log IP addresses (that is, the electronic addresses of computers connected to the internet) to analyse trends, administer the website, track users’ movements and gather broad demographic information.
Contact Details
Property investors and shareholders of Centuria Capital Limited
Centuria has appointed BoardRoom Pty Ltd as its registry provider for all of Centuria’s unlisted and listed property funds and Centuria Capital Limited (ASX: CNI) and to assist investors with their enquiries.
Phone (within Australia)
1800 182 257
Phone (outside Australia)
+612 9290 9689
Fax
+612 9279 0664
Email
enquiry@centuriainvestor.com.au
Website
www.centuriainvestor.com.au
Mail
Level 12, 225 George Street, The Rocks, NSW 2000
Centuria Life and all other privacy enquiries
Phone: 1300 50 50 50 during business hours, or by writing to Centuria Investor Services, GPO Box 3993, Sydney, NSW 2001 or email
enquiries@centuria.com.au
.
Complaints
If you wish to make a complaint about a possible breach of privacy or how we have handled your personal information, please contact us on 1300 50 50 50 during business hours or address your complaint to: Complaints Manager
Centuria Capital Limited
Level 41, Chifley Tower
2 Chifley Square
Sydney NSW 2000
or email
compliance@centuria.com.au
.
Centuria will acknowledge your complaint in a prompt manner and investigate. We will contact you to advise the outcome and aim to resolve the complaint within 30 days. If you are not satisfied with our response, you may also be able to lodge a complaint with the
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC).
Download a copy of our
Privacy Policy
.
Cookie Consent
We use cookies to improve your experience
We use cookies to make our webpages more user-friendly, continuously improve them, and provide you with a personalised experience tailored to your interests. Learn about our use of cookies and manage your preferences in our
Privacy policy and manage consent settings
.
Functional
Functional
Always active
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Preferences
Preferences
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
Preferences
Save preferences
Preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent
You are now leaving Centuria Australia
and entering Centuria New Zealand.