Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
ARB Corporation Ltd and its subsidiaries (ARB) are bound by and committed to complying with the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs). When we collect your personal information, we will manage that information in an open and transparent way, as described in this policy.
Collection and storage of personal information
We may collect personal information such as your name, address, email address and telephone number. We will generally collect this information directly from you and store it in secure electronic databases owned and managed by us.
To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have instigated physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. However, we cannot guarantee that the information you submit to us will be unobtainable by an unauthorised party.
Use and disclosure of personal information
The personal information we collect is held, used and disclosed to fulfil our business’s purposes such as requests for purchases, catalogues, newsletters or other enquiries. We may use the personal information collected from you to complete transactions with you, improve our service to you, to better understand your requirements and preferences, and provide you with promotional materials. In completing these activities, we are unlikely to need to disclose your personal information to any overseas recipient.
Please be assured that personal information provided by you to us will remain confidential. We do not sell, share or rent your details to third parties.
Circumstances may arise where we are required to disclose your personal information to third parties such as if disclosure is required by the law; or in the event of a corporate merger or dissolution where we sell all or a portion of our business or assets (including our associated customer lists containing your personal information).
If you wish to seek access to your personal information held by us, correct that personal information or make a complaint about a breach of the APPs by us, you may do so by contacting us by any of the means below:
By post: ARB Corporation Ltd PO Box 105 Kilsyth VIC 3137 Australia
By email: marketing@arb.com.au
By phone: 03 9761 6622
Collecting additional information
Occasionally, when you connect to our site we may use ‘cookie’ technology and IP addresses to automatically collect technical non-personal information. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you’re at our site. The use of cookies is an industry standard – you’ll find them at most major websites. We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. This information helps us keep our website fresh and interesting to you and tailors content to your interests.
You may set your computer browser to disable cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable cookies, we may be unable to optimise your visit to our website and certain features may not be available.
Legal Statement
The ARB 4×4 Accessories name and logos are trademarks of ARB Corporation Limited, and the information on this site is protected by copyright. You may only use the information, text or graphics contained on this site for your personal use and may not reproduce, adapt or publish it, in whole or in part, for any purpose without the express consent of ARB Corporation Ltd.
ARB Corporation Ltd has made every effort to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, but does not accept liability for errors or omissions, both within this site or any link attached to this site.
Social Media
By providing any imagery or content, whether photos, video or animation, to any ARB social media platform accounts (i.e Facebook, Instagram or Twitter), then you are granting ARB Corporation Ltd (ABN:31006708756) a non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual licence to use, modify, delete from, add to, publicly display and reproduce, your content.
You are able to revoke this licence at any time by contacting ARB 4×4 Accessories in writing at
socialmedia@arb.com.au
and informing us that you no longer want ARB to utilise your content.
By submitting content to us, you are warranting that you own the content in question and have the rights and legal authority to submit it, and all people who appear within the media have consented to their image being used in the way described above.
A customer with the same email address already exists in an associated website.
Something appears to have gone wrong, please check your internet connection and try again.
Refresh