Privacy Policy | Northern Star
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) outlines how Northern Star Resources Ltd and its subsidiaries (together, “
Company
”) may collect, retain, use, safeguard and/or disclose your personal information. It is applicable to both this website and any associated websites, applications, services, and tools (collectively referred to as “
the Website
”). By accessing or using the Website, you are taken to have consented to the Company collecting, retaining, using and disclosing your personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy.
The Company is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The Australian privacy principles
The Company is bound by the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) contained in the Privacy Act 1998 (“
Privacy Act
”). The APPs establish minimum standards in relation to the collection, handling, use, disclosure, management, access, correction and disposal of ‘personal information’.
Personal information and sensitive information
In summary, ‘personal information’ is information or an opinion relating to an individual which can be used to identify that individual. Some personal information is considered sensitive information, such as information regarding ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, criminal record and health information. The Company will only collect, store, use and disclose sensitive information in accordance with the APPs and applicable law.
How we collect personal information
when you provide information directly to the Company through the Website, in person, by phone or in writing (whether by email, through surveys or any other electronic or other means);
when you visit and/or use the Website, in which case the Company records information sent to us by your computer, mobile device or other device you are using to access the Website; and
from third parties such as the Company’s subsidiaries, service providers to the Company, operators of linked websites, applications and advertising on the Website.
What we collect
We may collect the following types of personal information in connection with you accessing or using the Website:
identifying information, such as your name
contact information, such as your email address and telephone number
records of our communications with you, including any messages you send us
device information, server log information, IP address, and location information.
Automatic collection of your personal information
When you visit our Website, our Internet Service Provider automatically records the following information about you:
your server address;
the website you visited immediately prior to ours;
your domain name;
date and time of your visit to our Website;
pages you accessed and the information or documents you downloaded;
type of browser you used; and
any other information we request our Internet Service Provider to record from time to time.
How personal information is used
The Company will only collect, use and/or retain personal information obtained from your access or use of the Website which is reasonably necessary for the Company to conduct its business. Our principal purpose in collecting, using, and retaining your personal information is to provide a Website which is customised and secure. By accessing or using the Website, you authorise the Company to collect, use, retain, share, and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
to conduct our business
to communicate with you
to verify your identity when you are dealing with us
to answer your queries and requests
to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
to carry out market analysis and research
to carry out education and training programs for our staff
to manage and resolve any legal or commercial complaints or issues
to manage shareholder and stakeholder relationships
to carry out planning and forecasting activities and other internal business processes
to keep you informed about our activities and updates to this Policy from time to time.
Disclosure of personal information
By accessing or using the Website, you agree that we may disclose your personal information to third parties for the purposes contained in this Privacy Policy, including without limitation to:
our employees and contractors;
our related companies, which are currently based in Australia and the United States of America;
other third party service providers which may or may not be based in Australia and the United States of America, who assist us to provide the Website or any services in connection with it, including:
information technology service providers;
mailing houses;
market research organisations; and
specialist consultants;
third parties to whom you expressly ask us to send, or consent to us sending, your personal information;
government and regulatory authorities and other similar organisations, as required or authorised by law; and
for the storage of data on servers located outside of Australian and the United States of America.
We will ensure that anyone to whom we disclose your personal information is aware of the confidentiality of the information and will take reasonable steps to ensure that the third party complies with applicable law. We will obtain your consent to any proposed use or disclose personal information where we intend to use or disclose the information for a different purpose to the purpose for which it was collected, or a purpose not related to the purpose for which it was collected, except where permitted by the Privacy Act (such as disclosure to a law enforcement body in relation to unlawful activity or misconduct).
Overseas disclosure
As the Company operates in multiple locations including the United States, it may disclose personal information both in Australia and overseas for the purpose of conducting its business.
Use of cookies
We (or a third party providing services to the Company) employ cookies to monitor and track your usage of our websites, collect aggregated data regarding that usage, and enhance our services to provide you with a more efficient experience. This may involve personalising certain sections of our websites based on your preferences and previous activities on those sites. “Cookies” are small text files generated and stored on your hard drive by your internet browser software. These files contain relevant information about the web page you are currently viewing. Most internet browsers offer the option to disable cookies entirely. Please consult your browser’s help menu to learn how to do this. While you can still navigate our websites with cookies disabled, certain functionalities may be unavailable or may not work properly.
Storage and security
The Company will:
take reasonable steps to protect personal information;
protect personal information it holds from misuse, loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure;
not use identifiers assigned by Government agencies (eg. tax file numbers);
where lawful and practicable, respect the anonymity of an individual if requested,
only transfer personal information to foreign countries after taking such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to ensure that the overseas recipient does not breach applicable law, or which have at least equivalent privacy protection and where the individual has access to mechanisms to enforce that privacy protection;
ensure all contractual arrangements with third parties adequately address privacy issues; and
securely destroy personal information where it is no longer required and isn’t required to be held by law.
Access to information
The Company will, when appropriate, provide access to personal information. The Company will correct any inaccurate, outdated, incomplete, irrelevant and/or misleading personal information held at the request of the relevant individual. The Company will take all steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to ensure that the personal information collected, and used, is accurate, up to date and complete. The Company reserves the right to verify an individual’s identity before providing any personal information.
Access will not be provided where:
the consequences will have an unreasonable privacy impact on others;
the request is frivolous;
there are existing legal proceedings;
providing access is unlawful or prejudicial to law enforcement; and
the Company determines that access is not required by applicable law.
Opting out
You may opt out of receiving our marketing, advertising and promotional notices, offers and communications by emailing
info@nsrltd.com
.
Contact us
You can contact the Company regarding any access requests, concerns that you may have about this Policy, or to make a complaint about a breach of privacy. The Company will investigate any alleged breach of privacy and advise you of the outcome of the investigation and any remedial action taken to address any breach established.
If you have a question regarding this Privacy Policy or you would like to make a complaint, please contact us at
info@nsrltd.com
.
The Company will review this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be notified by the Company posting an updated version of the Privacy Policy on the Website.