Privacy Policy - Paladin Energy Limited
Skip to content
This Privacy Statement applies to your use of the web site of Paladin Energy Ltd at
www.paladinenergy.com.au
Paladin recognises that your privacy is important to you. Paladin is committed to protecting your personal information.
The following Privacy Statement has been published to provide a clear and concise outline of how and when personal information is collected, stored and distributed by Paladin through use by you of
www.paladinenergy.com.au
.
Cookies
A ‘cookie’ is a packet of information that allows Paladin to grant users access to certain parts of the Paladin Website (the “Site”) and also to manage traffic, advertising and other activities. Cookies are generally used on the Site in the following ways:
To authenticate your access to certain areas of the Site, such as the Paladin section;
To monitor traffic levels and flows through the Site;
To manage advertising on the Site; and
From time to time Paladin may conduct surveys on the Site, and cookies may be used to manage this process.
You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is sent. (Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences).
If you disable the use of cookies on your web browser or remove or reject specific cookies from this website or linked sites then you may not be able to gain access to all of the content and facilities in this website.
Links to other Sites
This site contains links to other sites. Paladin is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Registration for Paladin Services
Some pages of this Internet site provide the facility for you to subscribe to receive information.  Information provided by you to enable you to receive information, including email addresses, will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it, unless you consent otherwise or we are required to disclose it by law.
Collection of Personal Information
The main way we would collect personal information from you is if you used our site to register for our newsletter. This personal information may include your full name, phone and fax numbers, e-mail address and street and postal address.
Otherwise, when or before we collect personal information on our web site, we will take reasonable steps to inform you of:
the purposes for which the information is collected;
where applicable, any law that requires the particular information to be collected; and
the main consequences for you if all or part of the information is not provided.
From time to time Paladin may conduct surveys on the Site, and cookies may be used to manage this process.
Personal Information Quality
When you provide personal information to us via the Internet, we rely on the accuracy of that information. To assist with ensuring accuracy, please contact us if any of the details you have provided change.
Personal Information Storage and Security
Personal information is stored in transmission logs and archived for a period of up to seven years, depending on the nature of the information being held.
Where appropriate, our web site provides a secure environment by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). This establishes a session and encrypts all traffic between our web server and your browser.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We will only use your personal information (including your e-mail address) for the purpose for which you have provided it unless you consent otherwise.
We will not disclose your personal information to third parties, unless you consent or in other circumstances where such disclosure is required or authorised by law.