Privacy | Australian Signals Directorate
Skip to main content
Pages on asd.gov.au conform to the following privacy guidelines.
Rules binding persons accessing data stored on this site
ASD is not subject to the
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth), but we do have privacy obligations. ASD is subject to various legal requirements and oversight mechanisms. For example:
the
Intelligence Services Act 2001
;
the
privacy rules
issued by the minister responsible for defence pursuant to the Act; and
the
Inspector-General of Intelligence and Security
(IGIS)
ASD will only use your personal information as authorised by law.
Email addresses
We record your email address when you send us a message. It will not be added to a mailing list unless you supplied it to us for that reason.
Information provided by job applicants
Applicants who apply for jobs with ASD via this website may have their information disclosed to a third-party recruitment consultant.
Website and other data tracking
We use cookies (small files stored on your device) and tracking pixels created by third parties. These technologies allow us to:
measure traffic and visitor behaviour
understand the impact of our online advertising and social media channels
conduct user remarketing and audience targeting.
The tracking technologies identify your browser or device, not you personally. No personally identifiable information is stored by the tracking technologies used by our website.
When you visit this site, the following information is logged:
the operating system and browser you are using
your geo-location data
the address of the referring site (the previous site you visited that linked to ours, typically a search engine or social media platform)
the public IP address you are using (often the network address of your internet service provider’s server)
the date and time of your visit
how you interacted with our website (including pages visited and files downloaded)
operating system user
type of device (mobile or desktop)
The information generated by the tracking technologies may be transmitted to and stored by
Facebook
,
Google
or
X
, which may use this information for the purpose of compiling reports on website activity for us (or advertising agencies engaged to act on our behalf). Demographic and interest reports may be generated including characteristics such as your age, gender and location.
If you prefer not to participate in our tracking technologies, you can find
advice on keeping your online activity private
. However, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the website.
Our site is hosted on the Australian Government's
GovCMS
platform, administered by the
Department of Finance
. GovCMS administrators log and monitor system usage as part of managing the platform.
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other sites.