Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
NEXTDC Limited and its subsidiaries (referred to here and in our
Privacy Policy
as we, us or our) recognise that your privacy is very important and are committed to protecting the Personal Information we collect from you. The Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), the Australian Privacy Principles (Privacy Law) and to the extend where it is applicable, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), governs the way in which we manage your Personal Information. This policy sets out how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage your Personal Information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains our practices with respect to Personal Data we collect and process in connection with your relationship with us. Generally, this includes Personal Information that we collect and use for the purposes of:
providing services to you or one of your associates;
providing you with information about issues that might affect you;
permitting access to one of our data centres to ensure the security of the facility;
logging your interaction with a NEXTDC application or service;
issuing tax invoices for the products or services we may provide to you from time to time;
providing you with information about other services that we, our related entities and other
organisations that we have affiliations with, offer that may be of interest to you;
facilitating our internal business operations and the fulfilment of any legal requirements; and
analysing our services and customer needs with a view to develop new or improved services.
We encourage you to review our
Privacy Policy
to understand how we collect, process, use, share and safeguard your Personal Data. If you have any questions, comments or complaints about our practices, please contact us as outlined in the section How to Contact Us or Submit a Request at the end of this Privacy Statement.
Please note that NEXTDC may amend its
Privacy Policy
at any time, at our discretion, without notifying to you. Please check our website for time to tie for updates.
If you have any queries, concerns, or complaints about your personal information, our
Privacy Policy
or the way we handle your personal information, please contact us at:
Street address:
20 Wharf Street, Brisbane QLD 4000
Email address:
privacy@nextdc.com
Telephone:
+61 7 3177 4777
Facsimile:
+61 7 3177 4789
We will respond to you within a reasonable time to obtain further information about your issue or complaint and to advise you that we are internally investigating the matter. We will internally investigate your issue or complaint within a reasonable time, and will liaise with you during this process to ensure your issue or complaint is addressed appropriately.
More information
For more information about privacy in general, you can visit the federal privacy commissioner’s website at
www.privacy.gov.au
.
(Updated 20210430).