Nine for Brands
Your browser does not support the video tag.
Fuelled by Ambition, Ignited by Partnership
We are fuelled by ambition and defined by an ecosystem of trusted, scaled content, market-leading data, transformative tech and AI – all focused on delivering proven business outcomes for you.​ Ignited by partnership, we embed brands right at the heart of Australian culture. Weaving your stories into ours is what we do best, creating moments that truly last.
Subscribe to Nine Insights today
Sign up
Advertise with us
Brands
We are a leading multi-platform media network, engaging audiences across news, business & finance, lifestyle, entertainment & sport.
Our Audience
Our audience segmentation product ‘9Tribes’, comprises of 68 audience segments across nine verticals.
Ad Specs
Our best-in-class advertising products offer the perfect canvas for your brand across print, digital or performance.
Contrary to the myth that younger audiences have checked out of traditional news media, Gen Z is proving to be the most discerning and news hungry demographic yet.
In the second episode of Nine Publishing's new series, The News Effect, Ashleigh Thomas, Nine Publishing Commercial Director and Lisa Muxworthy, Head of Growth Content for Nine Publishing, break down how The Sydney Morning Herald and The Age are meeting this story-first generation.
Watch now
Latest News
How Nine and Magnite Push Programmatic Boundaries
See all Latest News
Case Studies
AFR Magazine x Range Rover
See all Case Studies
Media Releases
9News' Comprehensive Coverage: Budget 2026
See all Media Releases
Stan Sport moves beyond the backyard to bring Australians the pinnacle of global sport, live and on-demand.
With an electric calendar that knows no off-season, we bridge time zones to engage a 24/7 audience that's growing, at pace.
In a sophisticated, low-clutter environment, your message won't compete for airtime.
Learn more
Our Brands
See all Brands
Connect with us
Subscribe to Nine Insights
Find us on Linkedin
Want insight, perspective and opinion straight to your inbox?
Sign up to our newsletter.
"
*
" indicates required fields
Email
*
First Name
*
Last Name
*
Job title
*
Company
*
Privacy Policy
*
I agree to the
Terms of use
and
Privacy Policy
Close