Privacy Policy  |  GoodLoop
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy contains important information about your personal information.
About this policy
This document sets out how SERVICE ONE Mutual Limited (SERVICE ONE) ACN 095 848 598 safeguards your privacy.
This document has been developed to follow a ‘layered’ format which means that it offers layers of detail. You can therefore read as much or as little as you like and can find what you need quicker.
Privacy Policy
We recognise the importance of protecting your privacy. We are committed to ensuring the continued integrity and security of the personal information you entrust to us.
We appreciate that the success of our business is largely dependent upon a relationship of trust being established and maintained with past, current and prospective members, shareholders and other individuals with whom we conduct business. We will therefore continue to collect and manage your personal information with a high degree of diligence and care.
Our aim is to comply at all times with the privacy laws (incorporating the Australian Privacy Principles) that apply to us. If you have a comment, query or complaint regarding a privacy matter, we encourage you to discuss it with us.
Collection
We usually collect personal information directly from you. Sometimes we collect or confirm this information from a third party such as a credit reporting body. We will use reasonable efforts to obtain your consent prior to contacting a third party for this purpose.
We collect personal information that includes details such as your:
Name
Address
Date of birth
Contact details (such as phone and fax numbers, e-mail addresses)
As part of our business operations we also collect personal information from other individuals such as shareholders and non-corporate suppliers. Where you are not a member of ours you may still seek confirmation as to whether we hold information in relation to you.
We may collect information from you because we are required or authorised by an Australian law or court/tribunal order to collect that information. We will tell you if collection is required or authorised by law and provide you with details of the law, court or tribunal order.
We may collect personal information about you from commercially available third party databases.
When you visit our website, apps or other web-based content and services (“Websites”), either we or our service provider will record information (such as your computer’s IP address and top level domain name, the type of browser you are using, the date, time and pages accessed) in relation to your visit.
Use and disclosure
We use your personal information in order to:
Provide you with products and services (including situations where we are an agent for another product issuer)
Assist you with your queries or concerns
Comply with any legal or regulatory obligations imposed on us
Perform our necessary business functions (such as internal audit investigations, performance reporting, research, product development and planning).
To do this, we may disclose your personal information to organisations that carry out functions on our behalf. This may include for example, mailing and printing houses, electronic transaction processors, information technology service providers, professional advisers, account holders and operators, valuers, introducers, guarantors, regulators and government authorities. Our agreements with these entities ensure this information is only used to carry out functions on our behalf.
In the case of shareholders, personal information is disclosed to our share registry service provider.
We may also disclose your personal information to an individual or an organisation (a ‘third party’) if:
You direct us to do so;
You consent to the third party obtaining the information from us; or
You consent to the third party accessing the information on our systems, and/or do anything which enables the third party to obtain access.
Your consent to a third party obtaining or accessing information may be implied from:
Your use of any service or application which a third party provides to you, or makes available to you, which involves the third party obtaining or accessing personal information held by us or organisations like us; or
You doing anything else which enables the third party to obtain access to the information.
You should never provide or disclose any of your pass codes to any third party to enable the third party to obtain or access your personal information.
We may also use your personal information to tell you about services we think you may be interested in. This may include products and services offered or distributed by us or the companies with which we are associated. You can opt out of receiving this information (see ‘Opting out of product promotions’ below). We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We provide services to a number of business partners and their members. In order to provide these services, personal information may be used and exchanged. The information of these members is given the same level of protection and treated in the same way as for Members of SERVICE ONE.
Where we have collected your personal information on behalf of another party (for example, where we are an agent for another product issuer) or we have disclosed your information to a third party at the request of a service provider nominated by you, the use of your personal information by that party is governed by their privacy policy. You should contact them to understand how they might use your personal information.
Access and correction
In most cases you can access your personal information held by us. If you believe that personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date or incomplete, you should contact us.
We will promptly update your personal information that is inaccurate, out of date or incomplete. In some cases, we may request you to provide us with supporting documentation to amend the personal information we hold about you.
If we do not agree that your information is inaccurate, out of date or incomplete, we will give you a written notice including the reasons why we do not agree with you and how you can make a complaint.
Opting out of product promotions
You can opt out of receiving direct marketing material at any time by contacting us.
If you do opt out, we will continue to provide information in relation to your existing membership (including new features or products related to your membership).
Storage and security of your personal information
We will take reasonable steps to keep the personal information that we hold about you secure to ensure that it is protected from loss, unauthorised access, use, modification or disclosure.
Your personal information is stored within secure systems that are protected in controlled facilities. Our employees and authorised agents are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us.
You can also help to keep the personal information that we hold about you secure by taking care before you authorise or otherwise assist any third party to obtain or gain access to that information (see ‘Use and disclosure’ above).
Our Websites and the use of cookies
We use our best efforts to ensure that information received via our Websites remains secured within our systems. We are regularly reviewing developments in online security; however users should be aware that there are inherent risks in transmitting information across the internet.
We use cookies on our Websites. Cookies can make using our Websites easier by storing information about your preferences and enabling you to take full advantage of our services. Cookies are very small text files that a website can transfer to your computer's hard drive or portable electronic device’s memory for record keeping.
We may also use cookies so that we can determine which parts of our Websites are visited most often, or whether you visited our site from a banner advertisement for one of our products and services on another party’s website, and other sites you may visit from our Websites.
Sometimes cookies are used by a third party service provider with whom we have an agreement to monitor the success of our marketing campaigns. The third party service provider uses the cookies to collect information such as when you visited our site, your browser type and the server that you log in to on your computer.
The information is used in an aggregate form and generally no personal information is collected by the third party service provider. Our agreements with these third parties ensure this information is only used to carry out functions on our behalf, and if any personal information is collected the confidentiality of that information is maintained.
We may also use cookies so that we can see which parts of our Websites you visit when you access those Websites. We may use this information for marketing products and services to you. We keep this information confidential and we do not disclose it to third parties.
Most internet web browsers are pre-set to accept cookies to enable full use of websites that employ them. However, if you do not wish to receive any cookies on an internet web browser, you may configure your browser to reject them or receive a warning when cookies are being used. In some instances, this may mean that you will not be able to use some or all of the services provided on our Websites. However, you may still be able to access information-only pages.
Changes to this policy
From time to time, it may be necessary for us to review our Privacy Policy and the information contained in this document. We will notify you of any changes by posting an updated version on our Websites.
Privacy concerns or complaints
If you have concerns or wish to make a complaint regarding the handling of your personal information by us, please contact our team on 1300 361 761 or at support@serviceone.com.au. We will promptly investigate your complaint and notify you of the outcome.
If your complaint relates to how we handle your personal information you can also contact:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
GPO Box 5218
SYDNEY NSW 2001
Phone: 1300 363 992
Email: equiries@oaic.gov.au
www.oaic.gov.au
European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are in a country that is a member of the European Economic Area (EEA), you may be protected by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (‘GDPR’).
We welcome and appreciate your feedback. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, what personal information we may hold in relation to you, or about the way we manage your personal information you can contact us as follows:
SERVICE ONE
Privacy Officer
Locked Bag 1
DEAKIN ACT 2600
T: 1300 361 761
E: support@serviceone.com.au
Banking with us
GoodLoop operates alongside Community Bank branches to provide trusted, member-focused banking services.
Through this partnership, members can access everyday banking products including savings accounts, home loans and personal lending, while supporting community investment.
Go to Community Bank Canberra