WebMD Health Services - Your "Everything" Well-Being Partner
Unlock the True Value of Your Well-Being Program with Clear Metrics.
Get The ROI Playbook
The Only
Everything
Well-Being Partner with Proven Outcomes
We’ve spent over 25 years designing well-being programs to empower people and foster real change.
Let’s Go
We put the
we
in well-being.
Our well-being and engagement solutions and services foster a supportive environment that seamlessly integrates with your team. We take pride in offering a tailored experience so you can show your employees you genuinely care about them.
Explore Our SOlutions
Why choose us as your well-being and engagement partner?
Unmatched level of service. Program flexibility. And overall human connection. Together, let’s make a real difference in your well-being and engagement strategies—and see the impact it has on your employees’ lives.
Discover Why We’re Different
Hear From Our Clients
Hear from leaders who’ve partnered with us to elevate their employee well-being programs.
This is our why.
We’re passionate about empowering well-being in everyone. It’s been our purpose since day one.
Learn More
3,500
+
Clients
Large Global Employers, Public Sector, Health Plans, Health Systems
65
M+
people empowered in their well-being journey
85
%
program engagement
250
+
dedicated coaches and well-being staff
6
M+
health coaching calls
Delivering the business benefits of employee well-being and engagement.
See Our Results
Our wellness program wouldn’t be as successful without our Dedicated Well-Being Services Program Manager. She provides support to our Wellness Ambassadors and our participants that we don’t have time for. She also brings creative ideas to increase engagement and make our program fun.”
Kate Anderson
Digital Communications Manager,
Farm Credit Foundations
View Success Story
Genuine experts.
Grounded in science.
Achieving tangible results.
Clinical Advisory Board
Ensuring clinical accuracy.
Center for Research
Putting research into practice.
Resources
Industry-leading insights.
Newsroom
Read the latest company news.
Elevate Your Culture of Well-Being
Transform your employee well-being experience.
Let’s Connect
×
Platform Login Information
Choose the appropriate option below to access your account.
Well-Being Program
Program Participant
If you are a well-being program participant looking for your login, please reach out to your program administrator or contact support below.
Contact Support
Program Administrator
If you are a well-being program administrator, login to this Client Dashboard to access the latest in product releases, communication services and product materials.
Client Admin Login
TINYpulse
Login
If you have a TINYpulse account, use this login to access your employee feedback and engagement solution.
TINYpulse Login
TINYpulse is now a part of WebMD Health Services
We’re thrilled to share that
TINYPulse
has officially joined forces with
WebMD Health Services.
For new or existing TINYpulse customers that need support, please visit the links below:
Login
Support
Solutions
Limeade has joined WebMD Health Services, a leader in holistic well-being solutions and services.
We’re thrilled to share that Limeade has officially joined forces with WebMD Health Services. For existing Limeade customers and participants that need support, please visit:
Limeade Support