Privacy Policy – Ramelius Resources
Skip to content
Loading...
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
admin
2018-11-27T07:46:01+08:00
RAMELIUS RESOURCES LIMITED PRIVACY POLICY
Ramelius Resources Limited and it’s subsidiaries (Company) is committed to ensuring the privacy of individual’s personal information. This policy details how the Company manages personal information it holds about individuals.
The Company is bound by the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) .The APPs regulate the collection, handling, use and disclosure of personal information, and allows individuals to seek access to and update their personal information, or complain about a breach of the APPs.
The Privacy Act defines ‘personal information’ as information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information or opinion is true or not and whether recorded in a material form or not.
Collection of personal information
The Company may collect personal information about an individual, such as, but not limited to, names of employees and proprietors of organisations, addresses, telephone numbers, facsimile numbers, e-mail addresses, titles and professional affiliations. As much as possible, the Company collects this information from individuals personally.
The Company only collects personal information about individuals where necessary or desirable for one or more of the Company’s activities or functions.
At the time of collection, or as soon as practicable after collection of personal information about an individual, the Company will inform the individual about the purpose of the collection and if the information is to be disclosed to a third party.
Sensitive information
Sensitive information includes information or opinion about an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious beliefs or affiliations, philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional or trade association, membership of a trade union, sexual preferences or practices, criminal record or health information.
The Company will generally not seek to collect sensitive information unless the collection is required by law or a permitted situation exists where it is necessary to collect such information.
Unless permitted or required by law, the Company will not use sensitive information for any purpose without the express permission of the individual.
Use and disclosure of personal information
The Company will only use or disclose personal information for the purpose for which it was collected, any related purpose for which it would reasonably be expected to be used or disclosed, or for a purpose for which the individual has provided consent.
The Company may disclose personal information to third parties where it is required for the operation of its business, for example providers of services to the Company, professional advisers and related bodies corporate of the Company. The Company requires its service providers to keep personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose other than performing those services.
The Company may also be required or authorised by law to disclose personal information to certain government agencies and regulatory authorities.
The Company is unlikely to disclose information to overseas recipients.
Storage of personal information
The Company will take all reasonable steps to protect the security of the personal information that it holds. This includes appropriate measures to protect electronic materials and materials stored and generated in hard copy. All personal information collected by the Company will be retained as part of a database, which will be securely monitored and maintained by the Company.
The Company will take all reasonable measures to ensure that the personal information they hold about individuals is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
The Company will also take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information it holds is destroyed or permanently de-identified when it is no longer needed for any purpose for which the Company may legitimately use or disclose it and it is no longer required to be held as a matter of law.
Access, correction and complaints
An individual may contact the Company to request access to personal information that the Company holds about the individual, seek correction to that personal information, or to make a complaint about a breach of the APPs by the Company. Such requests or complaints should be made in writing and addressed to the Company’s Privacy Officer, using the details set out below.
There are circumstances where the Company may deny an individual access to their personal information. These can include where providing access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of others, where providing access would reveal commercially sensitive information about the company or where providing access would be unlawful.
A response to all requests or complaints will be provided as soon as reasonably practicable. A fee may apply to recover reasonable costs of making personal information available to an individual.
If the event that an individual believes personal information held about them is not accurate, complete or up-to-date, the Company will take reasonable steps to correct the information.
Contacting us
Should you require further information regarding this Privacy Policy, or wish to make a request or complaint, you may contact:
The Privacy Officer
Ramelius Resources Ltd
PO Box 6070 East Perth 6892
Phone: (08) 9202 1127
Email: ramelius@rameliusresources.com.au
If your concerns are not resolved to your satisfaction or you would like further information in regards to the Privacy Act, you may contact the Privacy Commissioner (telephone 1300 363 992).
Page load link
Go to Top