Privacy
Skip to navigation
Skip to main content
Loading

Select language
English
You have
                      entered feedback mode. Right click on translated text to report
Published
Privacy
Page Content
​​The
Privacy Act 1988
(Privacy Act) is concerned with your personal information. The rules governing how we deal with your personal information are contained in a set of Australian Privacy Principles (APPs). Below is a summary of our practices and procedures regarding access to and correction of personal information. Additional information can be found in our
privacy policy
.
The Privacy Act also requires the department to notify an individual of certain matters when we collect personal information about them.
Form 1442i
is the notification of those matters.
The temporary skilled visas data matching program with the ATO
This data matching program has been developed to assist the Department of Home Affairs more effectively detect and deal with compliance risks in the temporary skilled visa program. For more information see
The temporary skilled visas data matching program with the Australian Taxation Office
.
Data quality
We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is  accurate, up-to-date and complete. These steps include correcting personal  information that is inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, irrelevant or  misleading when it is reasonable to do so.
Regular audits and quality inspections are conducted to ensure the  accuracy and integrity of information is checked regularly and any systemic  data quality issues are identified and resolved promptly.
Access to personal information
Individuals can access information about themselves in departmental  documents (other than exempt documents) under the
Privacy Act 1988
or
Freedom  of Information Act 1982
(FOI Act).
An individual can seek to obtain original documents or copies of personal  information by approaching us. ​​
For more information, refer to
How to make a FOI request
Corrections of personal information
Individuals can seek to amend or annotate their personal information.  How we amend or annotate a record depends on a number of circumstances.
Australian citizens
Australian citizens seeking to change their personal information on their  evidence of Australian citizenship such as name or date of birth should apply to
Change a citizenship certificate
with the required documents and fee in accordance with instructions on the form.
ImmiCard holders and changes under FOI and Privacy Acts
Requests to change biographic details on an ImmiCard (name or date of birth)  can be made by completing an
ImmiCard  amendment request
. Applicants will need to attach official documentary  evidence and/or an Australian Government issued Change of Name or Marriage Certificate to support the requested change.
We will consider issuing a new ImmiCard with amended biographic details following  assessment of the online request and the evidence provided. The request might be  referred to a case manager for an identity assessment as part of the visa  process.
Non Australian citizens (permanent and temporary visa holders) with  supporting documentation
Where an individual has official documentation in support of an amendment or  correction, such as a passport or Australian Government issued Change of Name  or Marriage Certificate, they should submit their request in writing using
Form  1022 - Notification of Change in Circumstance
or
Form 1023 -  Notification of Incorrect Answers
.
The form can be submitted through IMMIaccount or sent to the nearest departmental office together with high-resolution  scans (600dpi) of certified documentary evidence to support the identity  change. The change can be actioned by the authorised case officer or relevant  visa processing area.
Where the change is not supported by documented evidence
Where an individual’s request is not supported by official documentary  evidence, and a decision is made under the Privacy Act to refuse access, the  individual can apply under the FOI Act to amend or annotate their personal  records. For more information, refer to
How to make a FOI request
.
Under the legislation that governs it, we do not have any power to ‘create’ a  new identity, including where a person chooses to change their name.   Under Australian law, the State and Territory Registrars of Births,  Deaths and Marriages (RBDM) are the responsible authorities for preferred name  changes.
Privacy Impact Assessment Register
In accordance with s 15(1) of the Australian Government Agencies Privacy Code (the Privacy Code), the Department is required to maintain a
Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) Register
of all PIAs completed since 1 July 2018.
Feedback and review bodies​
Global feedback unit
If you want to provide us with feedback about our service, complete an
online feedback form
or write to:
The Manager
Global Feedback Unit
GPO Box 241
Melbourne Vic. 3001
Australia
Australian Information Commissioner
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner handles complaints from the public into how an organisation or agency handles your personal information.
You can make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner if your personal information has been mishandled. You can make a complaint directly to the OAIC rather than to us, however it is likely that the OAIC would recommend that you try to resolve the complaint directly with us in the first instance.
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner has the power to undertake an investigation based on a complaint or can also initiate an own motion investigation into the actions of the department.
If you are unsure how to make a complaint to the
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
, you can contact their office and they will provide appropriate assistance.
The Privacy Commissioner
If you are not happy with how we handled your personal information, you can contact the
Privacy Commissioner
.
Telephone:
1300 363 992 (local call charge)
Email:
privacy@privacy.gov.au
​
pop-up content starts
Need a hand?
×
Cancel
pop-up content ends
pop-up content starts

Back
Search
Popular searches
Your previous searches
pop-up content ends