Privacy Notice - Worley
Privacy
Thank you for visiting our website. This privacy standard sets out how the Worley group of companies (“Worley” or “We”) processes the personal information of our website visitors, and clients.  Information about our use of cookies and similar technologies is provided separately in our Cookies Notice, which should be read together with this Privacy Notice.
This Notice has been updated to reflect global data protection requirements, including GDPR/UK GDPR, CCPA/CPRA, LGPD, POPIA, PDPA, PIPEDA, and other applicable laws.
Please note that this privacy standard is not an exclusive description of how Worley processes the personal information of individuals. If you use Worley’s products or services further information will be provided as part of the engagement process. If you are an employee, worker or contractor of Worley, the information about how we handle your personal information as an employee is located on the Worley’s intranet and will have been notified to you. If you are a prospective employee or job applicant of Worley, we will provide you with information about how we handle your personal information for recruitment purposes in our “
Recruitment Privacy Statement
” This will be provided to you if you commence our electronic application form or any other of our recruitment initiatives. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or any other privacy polices mentioned above please contact the
Worley Data Protection Office
.
How we collect personal information
We will collect and store your personal information when you interact with our website or, as a customer, request our products or services. We collect personal information in writing, by telephone, by e-mail and by online applications.
Worley collects personal information directly from the individual to whom it relates, except where that individual has consented to Worley collecting the personal information from a third party or the law otherwise permits Worley to do so. We may also collect personal information from publicly available sources when permitted by law.
What personal information do we hold about you
Personal information means any information relating to a person that enables them to be identified either directly or indirectly. Personal information that we hold about you may include your:
name
address
email address
phone number
IP address
location data.
If you are a client, personal information that we hold about you may include the same information listed above, along with your language, gender, and date of birth, fax and social network accounts. We may also process your function/job title within the company and your work email address and your company’s name, postal address, VAT and/or company number.
In order to improve the services or products we offer to clients, we may also obtain additional relevant personal information about you. This can be public information, e.g. official publications, or information which we obtain via third parties and that we use for the purposes mentioned in this privacy policy. For example, we may use such personal information to verify the accuracy of our personal information in our databases or to tailor our marketing services more accurately to you.
Public information about you can consist of information published on the internet or personal information that you have made public, for example, on your social media profile.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure the personal information that we store is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
How we use your information
We will use your personal data, and may share your personal data with other parties acting on our behalf, for one or more of the following purposes:
to conduct research about the use of our website
to assess and respond to a complaint you might make to us
for our own administrative purposes, including training our staff, conducting internal audits or transferring assets as part of a sale, purchase or investment in the business
if you are a client, to carry out our contract with you
for market research purposes
to conduct investigations of suspicious or harmful activity
to comply with Worley’s regulatory and legal obligations
to perform data analytics, security monitoring, and website performance optimization.
We do not sell your personal information to others.
If we wish to use your personal information for a purpose beyond that for which it was originally provided, we will ask for your consent or seek to rely on another valid legal ground to process your personal information in accordance with the applicable law.
Information for marketing purposes
Where you have consented to us using your personal data for marketing purposes, we may use your information to conduct marketing and data analysis or to send you updates and news concerning Worley and its business partners. You can opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time by using the unsubscribe link provided in our messages or contact the
[email protected]
. Opting out will not affect service‑related communications.
Grounds for processing
To process your data lawfully we need to rely on one or more valid legal grounds. The grounds we may rely upon include:
your consent to particular processing activities
our legitimate interests as a business (except where your interests or fundamental rights override these). For example, it is within our legitimate interests to use your data to prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our website
our compliance with a legal obligation to which Worley is subject. For example, we have a duty to investigate and respond to complaints made against us and may need to process your personal information as part of such investigation
if you are a customer, because processing your personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract
in limited circumstances, vital interests or reasons of substantial public interest where permitted by law.
Disclosure of your personal information
There are circumstances where we may wish to disclose or are compelled to disclose your personal data to third parties. This will only take place in accordance with the applicable law and for the purposes listed above. These scenarios include disclosure:
to our subsidiaries, branches or associated offices
to our outsourced service providers or suppliers to facilitate the provision of our services, for example, the disclosure to our data center provider for the safe keeping of your personal data
to third party service providers and consultants in order to protect the security or integrity of our business, including our databases and systems and for business continuity reasons
to another legal entity, on a temporary or permanent basis, for the purposes of a joint venture, collaboration, financing, sale, merger, reorganization, change of legal form, dissolution or similar event. In the case of a merger or sale, your personal data will be permanently transferred to a successor company
to legal advisers who may need to manage or litigate a claim
to public authorities where we are required by law to do so
to any other third party where you have provided your consent. We require third parties to whom we disclose personal information to adhere to adequate security, confidentiality and data protection requirements consistent with global standards.
International transfer of personal data
We may transfer your personal data to a third party in countries outside the EU for further processing in accordance with the purposes set out in this policy. In particular, your personal data may be transferred throughout the Worley group and to our outsourced service providers located abroad. Where required, we implement appropriate safeguards such as Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs), adequacy decisions, intra-group agreements, and supplementary measures.
We may disclose your information to any person as required by law and specifically to any government agency if we believe in good faith that we must do so to comply with the law or that doing so is required to prevent, detect, investigate or remedy improper conduct potentially affecting Worley.
Retention of personal information
Your personal information will be retained for as long as it is necessary to carry out the purposes set out in this privacy policy (unless longer retention is required by the applicable law).
Retention periods are determined by reference to the nature of the information, the purposes for which it is processed, and applicable legal obligations. In some cases, we may retain anonymized or aggregated information for statistical or analytical purposes where this is permitted by law.
We may keep an anonymized form of your personal information for statistical purposes without time limits, to the extent that we have a legitimate and lawful interest in doing so.
Confidentiality and security
Worley is committed to:
seeking to safeguard all personal information that you provide to us
seeking to ensure that it remains confidential and secure
taking all reasonable steps to ensure that personal privacy is respected.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information from misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure and loss or corruption by computer viruses and other sources of harm.
We also implement encryption, role based access controls, monitoring, incident response and other safeguards required under global laws.
By giving us information or allowing it to be collected, to the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree that you will not make any claims against, and that Worley will not be held liable for, any claims, losses or damages which may result, directly or indirectly, from collection of that information, including from misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure and loss or corruption by computer viruses and other sources of harm to the information we collect.
Nothing in this Privacy Notice limits or excludes any rights or remedies you may have under applicable data protection or consumer protection laws.
Your rights with regards to your personal information
Data protection law provides individuals with certain rights, including the right to: access, rectify, withdraw consent, erase, restrict, transport, and object to the processing of, their personal information. Individuals also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant information protection authority if they believe that their personal information is not being processed in accordance with the law. Further information about your rights is set out below:
Right to obtain a copy of your personal information.
You have the right to obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you. All requests for access to personal information should be made
here
. You may be required to submit a proof of your identity and a fee.
Right to rectification.
You may request that we rectify any inaccurate and/or complete any incomplete personal information. If we disagree and believe the information to be accurate and complete, we will advise you and include a notation on the record that you dispute the information’s accuracy. Requests for corrections or supplements to all other personal information should be made
here
. We will respond to your request to correct or supplement your personal information within a reasonable time period and, in any event, within any time period specified in relevant laws.
Right to withdraw consent.
You may, as permitted by law, withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal information at any time. Such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your previous consent. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, you may not be able to benefit from certain service features for which the processing of your personal information is essential.
Right to object to processing.
You may, as permitted by law, request that we stop processing your personal information.
Right to erasure.
You may request that we erase your personal information and we will comply, unless there is a lawful reason for not doing so.
Your right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
We suggest that you contact the
Worley Data Protection Office
about any questions or if you have a complaint in relation to how we process your personal information. In the UK, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). We encourage you to contact the Worley Data Protection Office first so we can address your concerns.
Depending on your jurisdiction, you may have additional rights (e.g., California “Do Not Sell or Share,” Brazil LGPD rights, South Africa POPIA rights, Singapore PDPA access and correction rights, Canada PIPEDA access rights).
Links
Our website provides hyperlinks to websites owned and controlled by others. Worley is not responsible for the privacy practices of any website that it does not own or otherwise control.
Third parties
Where you submit information on behalf of another person, you confirm that you have made that person aware of how we may collect, use and disclose their information, the reason you have provided it, how they can contact us, the terms of this policy and that they have consented to such collection, use and disclosure.
Compliance with Privacy Laws
Worley complies with the data protection and privacy laws to which it is subject. You should satisfy yourself that you are familiar with those laws, including any exceptions which may apply under them. You should also be aware that privacy laws in various jurisdictions may change from time to time.
Except to the extent expressly stated otherwise in this policy, Worley accepts no obligations with respect to the handling of personal information other than those mandated by law in the country which has, or counties which have jurisdiction over Worley in any given circumstances.
Updates
Worley retains the right to update this notice as required.
Get in
touch
First name
*
Last name
*
Work email
*
What’s the reason for your inquiry?
Select one option
Customer or partner inquiries
Supplier or vendor inquiries
Billing and finance questions
Investor relations
Media relations
Career opportunities
Current or previous employee support
Feedback or concerns
Your company
Your job role
Select which is your current role
C-level
President/Vice President/Senior vice president
Director
Manager
Senior associate
Lead
Executive
Senior Consultant
Project manager
Consultant
Engineer
Scientist
Analyst
Coordinator
Administrator
Graduate
Trainee
The industry relating to your inquiry
Select the main market sector for your inquiry
Conventional Energy
Low Carbon Energy
Chemicals & Fuels
Resources (Mining, minerals and metals)
Technology
Your location
Which region / country are you based in?
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cabo Verde
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo, Republic of (Brazzaville)
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine, State of
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Vietnam
Virgin Islands British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Your comment
By checking this box you confirm that you have read and agree to our
Privacy Policy
.