Privacy Policy - Infomedia™
Skip to content
Products
Parts
Microcat EPC
Simplify parts identification with VIN-specific EPC technology for faster, accurate results.
Microcat AI
Automatically validate part numbers in repair estimates and parts orders, reducing manual lookups and eliminating incorrect part orders.
Microcat CRM
Microcat CRM bridges the gap between wholesale customers, automotive dealers and OEMs.
Microcat Partsbridge
Sell more OEM collision parts with an ordering system that connects dealers with bodyshops.
Microcat Market
Sell more OEM mechanical parts with a parts ordering system that connects dealers with independent repairers.
Service
Superservice
Maximise service revenue with integrated, data-driven tools that enhance efficiency and customer experience.
Superservice Connect
Guide customers through a personalised online service booking experience that’s tailored to their vehicle.
Superservice Menus
Deliver price-transparent, on-brand service quotes in just three clicks for better customer trust.
Superservice Triage
Offer data-driven, VIN-specific vehicle inspections to increase workshop efficiency and build stronger customer relationships.
Ecommerce
SimplePart
Boost OEM parts and accessories sales with a full-service ecommerce solution.
SimplePart E-Commerce Packages
Choose the right package that grows with your parts business.
OEM Programs
Join 19 OEMs who trust the SimplePart platform to power their online parts and accessories ecommerce programs.
Dealer Programs
Choose your OEM program to find out more or schedule a demo.
Customer Experience
Infodrive
Unlock aftersales growth with a CX platform that includes data management, performance analytics, and service lead generation tools.
AI Assistants
Intellegam Repair Assistant
Guide technicians effortlessly with AI-driven diagnostics that scan multiple data sources for accurate troubleshooting and support.
Intellegam Knowledge Assistant
Answer any technical question instantly with conversational AI that scans multiple data sources for precise responses.
Intellegam Web Assistant
Your always-on digital assistant that answers customer questions, captures leads and books appointments directly from your website.
Intellegam Voice Assistant
Intelligent call handling that supports customers and generates leads around the clock
Oil and Lubricants
Netlube Data
Provide precise recommendations with comprehensive lubricant data for efficient servicing.
Netlube CRM
Enhance customer engagement with tailored CRM tools for lubricant businesses.
Insights
Customer Stories
News
Events
Blog
Videos
Resources
Partners
Approved Partners
API Directory
Company
About Infomedia
Careers
Support
Training
Contact Us
Contact Customer Support
Book a Demo
Contact Us
English
Español
Français
Deutsch
Search for:
*
Search
Legal & Privacy
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy is Infomedia Ltd (including its subsidiaries IFM Americas Inc., IFM Europe Limited, Nidasu Pty. Ltd, IFM Deutschland GmbH and SimplePart LLC) (“Infomedia”) official policy relating to the collection and use of information from you. This policy explains how and why Infomedia collects your personal information, how it is used, and what controls you have over our use of it. Infomedia is committed to complying with applicable laws governing the collection and use of personal information and to protecting and safeguarding your privacy when you deal with us.
2. Acceptance
By you sending an email, using any website of Infomedia, or by installing, accessing and/or using the products and services offered by Infomedia, you consent to the collection of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and other agreements between us. You acknowledge and agree that your use of Infomedia’s websites or products constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and the
General Terms of Use
.
3. Types of information collected
Infomedia may collect a range of information in the ordinary course of its business activities, including personal and non-personal information, including your name, phone number, email, IP address, all relating to your use of Infomedia’s products and / or services including websites.
4. Primary Purpose of collection
Infomedia collects information in the course of its business activities in order to:
carry on its business and to provide you with products and / or services;
provide marketing and obtain feedback about our products and services; and
deliver access to and contents of websites with improved efficiency and functionality.
Without this information, Infomedia may be unable provide its products and/or services to you.
5. How Infomedia collects information
Infomedia collects information in two main ways:
directly where you:
buy or obtain a subscription to our products and / or services;
contact us to obtain support or make an inquiry in respect of our products or services;
submit your email address and other contact information for inclusion in our database(s);
browse any of Infomedia’s active websites or domains;
become a supplier to or shareholder of Infomedia.
indirectly, for instance, via the placement of browser cookies or other analytical tools on computers and devices used by you.
At or before the time we collect information, we will take reasonable steps to inform you about such collection, and draw your attention to this
Privacy Policy
, including Infomedia’s
Cookie Policy.
6. How your information will be used
You acknowledge and agree that Infomedia may use or disclose information for the primary purpose for which it is collected, including but not limited to,
provision of services and/ or products, administration related thereto, fulfilment of orders placed by you, marketing and notification about changes to our services and / or products, and general record-keeping related to your use of our products and/or services, register and handle support, communicate with you or to comply with our legal obligations; and
may be shared between Infomedia Ltd and its related bodies corporate, and may be disclosed on a confidential basis to our third party contractors, agents or to our suppliers related to the primary purposes;
We may also use such information for a purpose related to the primary purpose of collection and where a reasonable ordinary person would expect that we would use the information in such a way.
Where you provide personal information to us about another person, you warrant that you are authorised to provide that information to us, and that you will inform that person who we are, how we use and disclose their information, and that they can gain access to that information.
7. Changes and opt-out choices
You can delete or amend data you have entered via our applications. You can change your choices about receiving either subscription or general communications at the data collection point, within your account preference settings. You may opt-out at any time using the links at the bottom of any promotional email or by sending an email request to
privacy@infomedia.com.au
and we will limit and / or delete use and disclosure of your personal data as requested.
Please note, this option does not apply to communications primarily for the purpose of administering business relationships, including contracts, support, or other administrative and transactional notices where the primary purpose of these communications is not promotional in nature.
8. Disclosure of information
Your information will only be disclosed to parties outside of Infomedia as set out in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise notified to you at the time of collection of the information. Infomedia may be required to disclose your information where:
we reasonably suspect that there is a threat to your health or safety or the public’s health or safety;
we reasonably suspect that illegal or unlawful activity has been, is being or may be engaged in, and the use or disclosure is a necessary part of our investigation or in reporting the matter to the relevant authorities; and / or
where such use or disclosure is required under or authorised by law (for example, to comply with a subpoena, a warrant or other order of a court or legal process).
9. Third party sources
Infomedia’s website or other materials may contain links to websites owned and operated by third parties, who may collect personal information about you. Once you navigate away from Infomedia’s webpage(s), this Privacy Policy no longer applies, and Infomedia disclaims any responsibility for the privacy practices of such third parties, or the content they provide. You should always review the privacy policies of all third party with whom you interact.
10. Cross Border Transfer
By accessing an Infomedia website, or by installing, accessing or using Infomedia’s products and/or services, except where we have agreed under an agreement to retain such information within a specific country or region (such as to comply with the European General Data Protection Regulation and others), you agree and consent to the cross-border transfer of information and/or data. Further, you agree and consent to Infomedia sharing your information and/or data with third parties for the purpose of providing this website and Infomedia’s products and services. Infomedia and has entered into suitable agreements with these third parties to protect your data.
10.1
Information Security
Infomedia is committed to ensuring high standards of data security and privacy. We are ISO 27001 certified, demonstrating our adherence to best practices in information security management. This certification reflects our dedication to protecting the privacy of our customers and partners, safeguarding sensitive information, and maintaining robust security controls across all operations. Despite our security commitment, data transmission over the Internet may not be secure and you transmit all information at your own risk. You are solely responsible for keeping your login account details including passwords confidential, your computer systems are up to date and implement antivirus and other protective measures.
11. Contacts, Access to and Correction of Personal Information
Infomedia is committed to maintaining accurate, relevant and appropriate information about our customers, client and other stakeholders. You may contact us and/ or request access to your information through our Privacy Officer as follows:
Privacy Officer, Infomedia Ltd
Level 5, 155 Clarence Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia
Telephone: +61 (0) 2 9454 1500 Fax: +61 (0) 2 9454 1799
Email:
privacy@infomedia.com.au
Infomedia will review your request in accordance with applicable privacy laws and will provide you with access to a copy of the information it holds about you, and will permit you to update or change that information, unless:
you cannot satisfy Infomedia that you are entitled to access the information; or
Infomedia is entitled to refuse or withhold such access.
If you are refused access, we will provide reasons for such refusal upon your request. For security reasons, Infomedia will not disclose sensitive security details including such things as usernames, passwords or credit card information.
12. Complaints
If you have a complaint about our Privacy Policy or the collection, use or disposal of your personal information, your complaint should be directed to the Privacy Officer (see contact details above). The Privacy Officer will review your complaint and attempt to resolve it. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of this review, then you may request that an independent person investigate your complaint.
13. Changes to Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically without further notice to you and this will be reflected by the “last modified” notice above. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. Your continued use of the Infomedia’s products and services, including this website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any future revisions.
Last Modified September 2024
Manage Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Functional
Functional
Always active
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Preferences
Preferences
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Functional
Functional
Always active
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Preferences
Preferences
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent
Manage consent