Privacy Policy | Mineral Resources
Skip to:
MIN
|
$69.89
(
1.29%
)
Contact
Suppliers
Privacy Policy
We take steps to protect your personal information from misuse and only use your information as described in our
Privacy Policy
and the
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth).
Personal information
Personal information means information or an opinion about an individual whose identity is apparent or can reasonably be ascertained from the information or opinion.
The personal information that we collect, store, use and disclose includes names, contact details, educational qualifications, and other details such as date of birth, gender, occupation and image.
Some personal information is considered ‘sensitive information’ by the
Privacy Act
.
Sensitive information we collect, store, use and may disclose includes information or an opinion about health, race or ethnic origin, or criminal record.
Collection of solicited personal information
We collect personal information only by lawful and fair means where reasonably necessary for our functions or activities as a leading Australian-based diversified mining service, contracting, processing, and commodities production company.
Security of personal information
MinRes places great importance on the security of all information associated with our customers, clients and contractors.
We take reasonable steps to protect your data from misuse, interference and loss, and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect user’s personal information, MinRes cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us via electronic means, and you do so at your own risk.
Once MinRes receives your transmission, it makes every effort to ensure its security on our systems.
We also take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information that is no longer needed for the purposes described in our
Privacy Policy
.
Policy changes
MinRes reserves the right to amend our
Privacy Policy.
If this occurs, the amended policy will be published as soon as practicable on this page.
Complaints, questions or further information
If you wish to make a complaint about a breach of your privacy by MinRes, you can contact us at +61 8 9329 3600 or by emailing
communications@mrl.com.au
.
Read our full Privacy Policy
for more information on how we protect your personal information.
Download