Privacy Policy | New Hope Group
Privacy Policy
New Hope Corporation Limited | ABN 38 010 653 844
At New Hope Group (including New Hope Corporation Limited and its subsidiaries) (we/us/our), we are committed to protecting the privacy of all individuals. This Privacy Policy sets out our policy on handling personal information.
Why we collect and handle personal information
We collect, hold, use and disclose personal information to manage our business, employ and manage staff, and to engage with our communities and stakeholders. These purposes include:
assessing suitable candidates for career opportunities;
consulting with landowners and other stakeholders, for example in relation to mine development and land rehabilitation;
maintaining our share registry and communicating with our shareholders;
communicating with the public, stakeholders and the media including through websites and social media;
verifying a person’s identity and information;
maintaining and updating our records;
managing claims, complaints and investigations;
understanding and responding to the interests, preferences and needs of stakeholders;
recruiting, training and managing staff;
protecting the safety and security or our stakeholders, people, sites and assets;
complying with our legal obligations – note that sometimes we are required or authorised by law to collect personal information, e.g. under the Australian Securities and Investments Commission Act, Autonomous Sanctions Act, Fair Work Act, Superannuation Guarantee Administration) Act, Income Tax Assessment Acts and other tax laws, Corporations Act, occupational health and safety acts, public health acts and workers compensation acts;
protecting and defending our legal rights;
facilitating acquisitions and potential acquisitions of or by our business, including any related transitional and business integration activities.
What personal information we hold
The types of personal information we hold may include:
name;
organisation;
contact details;
identification details;
details of any transactions, communications, activity and engagement with you or relating to our business, including contracts; ;
preferences, interests and opinions relevant to our business and operations; and
information about usage of our websites, online services and IT resources, including IP address, pages/screens viewed, date and time, information input, referring domain, links and content accessed, device type, operating system, browser used and general location.;
For staff and job applicants, and contractor personnel who perform duties at any of our sites, we hold additional information which may include:
details of referees and emergency contacts;
application, work history and other CV information;
education and training records;
assessment, conduct and performance information;
information for identifying and managing conflicts of interest, financial and personal interests (including those of family members);
citizenship, visa and work eligibility information;
background checks including criminal record checks;
background checks including criminal record checks;
payroll information (e.g. salary, benefits, leave);
health records (e.g. in connection with health checks, drug and alcohol checks, sick leave and roles requiring health monitoring); and
payment, taxation and superannuation details.
How we collect personal information
We may collect personal information:
when you give it to us directly;
from public sources;
from third parties such as those listed under ‘Who we share personal information with’;
from records of activities and communications, including monitoring records like CCTV, site access, telephone records and use of IT resources; and
by creating new information such as analysis, commentary, reports and reviews;<
Where you provide us with personal information about someone else you must have their consent to provide it to us based on this Privacy Policy.
Who we share personal information with
We may share personal information with third parties including:
your and our representatives;
your organisation;
our related companies and joint venture partners;
service providers (including providers of IT, recruitment, investigation, health, marketing, advertising, data broking and background check services);
social media and digital platforms, who may also use personal information for their own purposes, particularly in respect of their registered users;
lawyers and other professional advisors;
government authorities;
education and training institutions;
referees; and
the public, where we may lawfully publish that information (e.g., with your consent).
Some of these parties may be located overseas.
Our website
Our website may use cookies from time to time. Cookies are small data files that websites transfer onto user devices for record-keeping and enhanced functionality. Most browsers allow you to choose whether to accept cookies or not. You can use your browser settings to delete cookies and reject cookies, however note that some functionality on our website may be limited if you do so.
Our website may use Google services such as Google Analytics from time to time. For more about how Google collects and processes data, please see Google’s privacy policy and their information at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
How we store and protect personal information
We take a number of steps to protect the security and confidentiality of personal information we hold, whether in physical or digital form. These steps include access controls for our IT systems, firewalls, restricted access to our sites and contractual controls for our service providers that store personal information on our behalf.
Accessing and correcting your personal information
Please contact us if you wish to seek access to or correction of your personal information that we hold. Please provide as much detail as you can about the information required, to help us retrieve it. We may need to verify your identity. If we decline your request, we will usually need to tell you why.
If we correct information that we have disclosed to someone else, you can ask us to tell them about the correction. If we decline to make a correction you request, you can ask us to note your disagreement together with the information.
If you have concerns
If you have any concerns about how we have handled your personal information you can contact us. We may need to engage or consult with other parties in order to investigate and deal with any complaints. We will keep records of your complaint and any resolution.
Contact us
You can contact our Privacy Officer using any of the following methods:
Web form:
https://newhopegroup.com.au/contact-us/
Post: New Hope Group
GPO Box 2440
Brisbane QLD 4001
Phone: +61 7 3418 0500
Email: cosec@newhopegroup.com.au