Privacy Policy
Introduction
1. This policy describes how Whitehaven Coal Limited and its subsidiaries (referred to in this policy as
Whitehaven or “we”) manage any personal information we hold about you.
2. In this policy, "personal information" means information about an identified person or a person who can
reasonably be identified.
Collection of personal information
3. Whitehaven collects personal information from you either directly (such as when you submit information
through our website or otherwise interact with us) or indirectly from your interactions with third parties we
interact with, including:
• Our business partners, suppliers and customers.
• Our shareholders and share registry platform.
• Community stakeholders and relevant government agencies.
4. The types of personal information that we collect about you may include:
• Identification data – for instance, your name, job title, gender, photograph, and date of birth.
• Contact details – for instance, your address, telephone number and email address.
• Recruitment related information – for instance, employment history, qualifications, character and
screening checks and other provided information (including sensitive information provided).
• Usage analytics – information we collect when you use our website or other IT resources, such as
server log information and location information.
• Security and safety information – this includes information about access and attendance to
Whitehaven premises, sites and physical assets (such as security records about times of entry and
exit and information collected through CCTV) and details about your use of our premises, sites and
assets.
• Correspondence information – this includes communications with you (including concerns or
complaints flagged by you or any feedback or survey responses that you supply us) and other
information you voluntarily provide to Whitehaven.
Why do we collect, retain and use your personal information?
5. The collection, retention and use of personal information is an important aspect of conducting our
business – this includes managing our contractual relationships, recruitment, monitoring access to our
website and IT systems, managing safety and security risks, and complying with our legal obligations.
6. Personal information may also be collected and processed by Whitehaven for additional purposes where
there is a lawful basis or you have provided your consent.
Whitehaven Coal Limited ABN 68 124 425 396
Level 28, 259 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000 | PO Box R1113, Royal Exchange NSW 1225
02 8222 1100 | info@whitehavencoal.com.au | www.whitehavencoal.com.au 1

Privacy Policy
Sensitive personal information
7. From time to time, we may need to collect, retain and process sensitive personal information about you
(such as health or medical information, criminal history checks, or your racial or ethnic origin), but we will
only do this where it is reasonably necessary for the conduct of our business and either you have
provided your consent or the collection is otherwise permitted by law.
Cookies
8. Cookies are text files containing data that are stored in your web browser and sent back to our website
when you next visit.
9. Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website, monitor your use of our
website and personalise your visit when you browse our website.
10. You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject
cookies, our website may not function correctly.
Whom we share your personal information with
11. We may share your personal information with entities (some of whom may be based overseas), including
but not limited to:
• Our related bodies corporate.
• Third parties involved in the running of our business, including IT service providers.
• Our professional advisors and financiers.
• Government authorities or other persons when obliged to do so by applicable laws.
• Other entities with your consent.
How we store and protect your personal data
12. We have put in place procedures and technologies to maintain the security of your personal information.
13. In the event that we use third parties to store and/or process your personal information, we will take
reasonable steps to ensure that the third party complies with our procedures or maintains equivalent
procedures. We will investigate and take appropriate action if we become aware of any failure to comply
with these procedures.
Access and correction of personal information
14. If you wish to access, correct or update any personal information that we hold about you, please use
the Contact form on our website. We endeavour to respond to all requests we receive from individuals
wishing to access or correct their personal information within a reasonable period after the request is
made.
15. Generally, we will not charge a fee for requesting access or correction to personal information held by
Whitehaven but may ask you to verify your identity before processing the request. In circumstances
where multiple requests or requests for large volumes of information are made, we reserve the right to
charge a reasonable fee to cover the costs of complying with the request.
Raising concerns about how we deal with personal information
16. If you are concerned about how we are dealing with your personal information, please contact us using
the Contact form on our website. We will endeavour to investigate all complaints and notify the
complainant of the outcome of the investigation in a timely manner.
Whitehaven Coal Limited ABN 68 124 425 396
Level 28, 259 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000 | PO Box R1113, Royal Exchange NSW 1225
02 8222 1100 | info@whitehavencoal.com.au | www.whitehavencoal.com.au 2

Privacy Policy
17. If you are not satisfied with how your complaint is handled by us, a formal complaint can be lodged with
the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner:
• Phone: 1300 363 992
• Web: https://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-complaints
Updates to this policy
18. Whitehaven may update this policy from time to time. The latest version of the privacy policy will be
available online through the Whitehaven website.
Whitehaven Coal Limited ABN 68 124 425 396
Level 28, 259 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000 | PO Box R1113, Royal Exchange NSW 1225
02 8222 1100 | info@whitehavencoal.com.au | www.whitehavencoal.com.au 3