Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Print PDF
Our Policy Statement
This Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) explains how Stockland Corporation Limited (ACN 000 181 733), our related companies and trusts ("
Stockland
", “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”) collect, store, use, disclose and manage your personal information.
Purpose
Stockland is committed to conducting our business in line with our CARE values (Community, Accountability, Respect and Excellence) and with integrity and consideration to our stakeholder expectations.
Stockland is committed to protecting and maintaining the privacy of your personal information. Information collected is handled in accordance with Australian privacy laws and regulations, in particular, the Privacy Act, and is retained in accordance with legislated retention requirements.
Stockland is a diversified property group and our key business activities include:
property development;
investment in and leasing of retail town centres, workplace and logistics assets;
investment in residential communities and apartments;
investment in, operation of land lease communities;
real estate agency services; and
funds management.
By providing personal information to us, you consent to our collection, use, storage, disclosure and management of your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act
1988
(Cth) ("
Privacy Act
") and this Policy.
What personal information do we collect?
The types of personal information Stockland collects about you will depend on the nature of your interactions with us. In this Policy, “
personal information
” has the meaning given to it in the Privacy Act and includes any information or opinion, whether true or not, about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable.
We may collect the following types of personal information:
information to verify your identity including your name, date of birth, gender, address, email address, telephone number or government issued identification documents;
financial information including bank accounts, credit card details, your income and third party sourced credit checks;
employment application including employment history, referee contact details, tax file number and tax related information and other information provided as part of our recruitment and employee on-boarding process;
your preference of our products, services, facilities and lifestyle activities;
information about you and your family and any characteristics, preferences or requirements that are relevant to the products and services that we may provide to you;
your image and/or voice and other personal information (such as your car licence plate) collected via CCTV or Body Worn Camera (BWC) surveillance systems installed in our residential and land lease communities, workplace and logistics assets and retail town centres or carparks or via the use of community vehicles with built in cameras, tracking and vehicle data devices;
your device ID, device type, geo-location information, IP address, browsing information and any personal information provided directly or indirectly via our websites, Wi-Fi services, mobile applications;
any additional personal information required to facilitate your dealings with us.
Do we collect sensitive information?
We may also, where you have provided your consent, collect, hold or provide to third parties your sensitive information’. Sensitive information is a subset of personal information which   includes but not limited to, your race or country of origin, political or religious beliefs, sexual preferences, criminal records or health information. Sensitive information is subject to a higher level of privacy protection than Personal Information.
Sensitive information that may be collected by Stockland, for example;
medical information and contact information if you are involved in an accident or incident at one of our assets collect;
health related requirements, including life support equipment if you reside in a Stockland residential or land lease community and have;
health related requirements that includes a disability that needs to be accommodated in the workplace in relation to you working with (or applying to work with) Stockland;
CCTV and BWC footage that may contain sensitive information, and as such its use and release is governed by additional policies, this is covered in more detail in the section Access, Correction and Deletion of Personal Information.
How is personal information collected?
We will generally collect personal information when you:
communicate or interact with us either directly or indirectly, including by phone, email, face to face or online meetings, online or social media interaction;
use our websites or applications;
participate in our surveys, competitions, loyalty programs or promotions;
visit our residential and land lease communities, workplace and logistics assets, retail town centres or carparks through our CCTV systems, vehicle with built in cameras, tracking and vehicle data devices provide by Stockland or connect to Stockland provided wi-fi services;
apply for a position with us through our recruitment process; or
apply for hardship as a Home Owner in a land lease community or as a Stockland residential customer
We may also collect your personal information from third parties such as:
marketing agencies, data collection and research organisations;
medical professionals (for example if you are involved in an accident);
credit reporting bodies, law enforcement and government entities; or
other individuals (for example employment references).
What happens if Stockland cannot collect personal information?
You are not required to provide us with your personal information. If you wish to remain anonymous or decide not to provide personal information, we may not be able to provide or tailor our products, services or information to you, either to the same standard or at all (for example certain functions of our website may not function properly if you disable cookies).
Why do we collect, store, use and disclose personal information?
Personal information you provide to Stockland will be used by authorised employees and/or third parties to conduct Stockland business and for the purposes necessary to complete the enquiry or service. Stockland will not use the information for other reasons than for the purpose it was collected, except where we have obtained your consent to use the information for another purpose, or it is reasonably expected that we may use the information for another purpose notified to you or where required and authorised by law.
We may collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
to provide and market our products and services;
to communicate with you;
to do business with you;
for the general management and conduct of our business;
to comply with our legal obligations;
to investigate incidents (including potential incidents) which occur on or at our premises;
to consider the suitability of prospective employees;
for security and risk management purposes;
to help manage, develop and enhance our services, including our websites, Wi-Fi networks and applications;
to assess your eligibility for hardship requests in a Stockland residential community or a land lease community.
Who does Stockland disclose personal information to?
We may disclose your personal information (including in some circumstances, your sensitive information) for the purposes for which it was collected or related purposes (as described above) to:
affiliate retailers in retail town centres;
social media channels on which we have a presence such as Facebook (also known as Meta), X (formally known as Twitter) and Instagram (generally in these cases we limit disclosure of your personal information to your first name and surname);
regulatory authorities, police or government agencies or bodies where required by law;
related parties, entities and trusts of Stockland;
other companies, service providers and individuals who assist us in providing our services or managing our operations;
electricity distributors, electricity retailers, or our embedded network managers who perform functions to assist us to meet our legislative obligations.
If any Stockland entity or asset is sold to a third party, we may transfer personal information we hold about you to that third party. We may also disclose personal information on a confidential basis to prospective purchasers of a Stockland entity.
Where we have disclosed personal information to a third party acting on our behalf, we request that those third parties do not use the personal information for their own purposes and that they comply with the Privacy Act and this Policy.
CCTV and BWC Surveillance
We use CCTV and BWC surveillance systems to monitor and record activities at Stockland properties and premises including our retail town centres, workplace and logistics assets, residential communities and land lease communities. CCTV and BWC are used to assist in maintaining a safe and secure environment for our employees, customers and visitors to our assets.
We may use your images gathered from CCTV and BWC for security and risk management, loss prevention, incident investigation and other purposes set out in this Policy, or as permitted by the law.
We also use the data collected from our CCTV surveillance systems to maintain or improve our properties, premises and services. We may do this by:
collecting and analysing customer behaviour;
monitoring patterns of foot traffic;
analysing shopper demographics and browsing habits.
When used for these purposes the data is aggregated anonymously. We do not identify individuals for these uses.
We securely discard the data and images collected from our CCTV and BWC surveillance systems when it is no longer required for business or legal purposes.
Wi-Fi and Bluetooth services
We offer a free Wi-Fi network and third-party applications using Stockland’s infrastructure (including Bluetooth beacon networks) service at certain Stockland premises, including our town centres.
If you are carrying a Wi-Fi and/or Bluetooth enabled device within range of one of our Wi-Fi networks or infrastructure, we may collect technical identity data that is transmitted from your device including whether or not you join our Wi-Fi network, including:
your device ID, device type, IP address and MAC address;
geo-location information and any movement of your device throughout our premises;
any other information which you may voluntarily provide, while accessing our Wi-Fi networks, for example, your name, email address, the details of the websites or mobile applications whilst you are connected to our network or infrastructure.
We may link this information to other personal information we hold about you such as your unique device identifier.
We will only use information or data collected via our free Wi-Fi network service or third-party applications using Stockland’s infrastructure in accordance with, and for the purposes set out in this Policy, or as permitted by the law.
If you do not want your personal information collected, you can disable Wi-Fi and Bluetooth on your device or should not sign into the Wi-Fi network.
Direct marketing communications
We and/or our third party service providers may send you direct marketing communications and information about:
products, services, discounts, competitions and special promotions that we consider may be of interest to you;
offers or promotions based on how you use our products and services;
third party products and services including offers and discounts that may interest you. For example, our tenants/retailers in our town centres.
Direct marketing communications may be sent in various forms, including by telephone, post, email, SMS, via social media or any other form of electronic communication, in accordance with the Privacy Act and the
Spam Act 2003 (Cth)
. By providing us with your contact details you consent to Stockland and/or third party service providers we engage, sending you electronic marketing communications described above.
Opting-out of marketing communications
If at any stage you no longer wish to receive marketing communications, you may opt-out/unsubscribe from specific or all direct marketing communications by following the instructions in the communication (for example an unsubscribe link), or in the case of Stockland, by contacting our Privacy Officer using the contact details below.
In some situations, for example if we are providing services to you, we may still be required to make certain communications to you in connection with providing the services or products to you or as required by law.
Overseas disclosure of
personal information
We may disclose your personal information to the following overseas recipients:
related entities;
companies and service providers who assist us in providing services or perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting and data storage providers.
where we are required or authorised by law to do so.
The recipients are likely to be located in countries including Singapore, United States, Canada, Japan, India, Philippines, UK and New Zealand.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure overseas recipients use personal information for its intended purpose, comply with the Australian Privacy Act and this Policy.
Cookies, Website Analytics and other technologies
Cookies are text files with small pieces of data that our website places onto your device to remember or track information about your interaction with our website (usually in the browser software folder). The type of information that may collect whilst visiting our website including those cookies provided by third parties such as:
the date and time you visited our website
the pages you viewed and how long you viewed those pages
general location information
information about the type of device you used to visit our website
the IP address automatically assigned by your internet Service Provider to the device you used to visit our website.
The information stored by Stockland cookies may be used to offer our products and services directly to you and distinguish you from other users in order to better serve you when you revisit our website
The third-party cookies may be also used for login status, targeted marketing or playing embedded media. The data may be used to infer demographic information about you by using various web analytic technologies or performance tracking technologies (such as conversion tags, heatmap user website journey and monitoring of user uploads via a site page or downloadable media) to help Stockland to track your behaviour on our websites. The information collected may be also used for general user traffic and performance on an aggregate level to report statistics to assist Stockland to improve the quality and relevancy of its services and deliver you relevant marketing material on Stockland website or partner sites.
If you have completed the online registration form on Stockland’s websites, cookie data may be linked to the personal information Stockland holds about you. In these circumstances, this cookie data will be treated the same manner as the personal information to which it has been linked.
You can set your browser to notify you when cookies are used.  This provides you with the opportunity to accept or reject requests to place cookies on your device.  You can reject all cookies by turning them off in your browser.  However, if you do this, certain parts of our website may not function properly. Stockland also uses Meta's Conversions API (
CAPI
) to track user interactions on our website. CAPI allows us to send your personal de-identified information and information collected same as cookies from our website directly to Meta's servers, ensuring accurate conversion tracking while prioritizing user privacy. The data collected through CAPI may include user interactions such as, but not limited to, purchases, registrations, page views and content downloads.
If you do not wish to have your interactions tracked via CAPI, you can manage and change your privacy settings through your Meta account.
Stockland websites use Google suites of analytics programs to track website traffic. Where you have enabled Google to associate your web and app browsing history with your Google account, and to use the information from your Google account to personalise ads, Google will use data from its signed-in users together with Stockland’s Google Analytics data to build an audience lists for cross-device remarketing. For users of Stockland website, Google Analytics will collect Google-authenticated identifiers associated with your Google accounts (therefore personal information). Google analytics will also temporarily join these identifiers to Stockland’s Google Analytics data.
If you do not wish to have your Google-authenticated identifiers joined with Stockland’s Google Analytics data, you should opt out of the ‘personalised ads’ option via your Google account.
Other website tracking services used by Stockland for example Crazy Egg and SiteImprove.
Stockland may also use Artificial Intelligence (
AI
) systems or tools within our business operations. This includes AI created in house and hosted by third parties. When utilising AI technologies, we may include the following types of information:
Anonymised Data
: Data that has been stripped of personally identifiable information to
protect individual privacy to issue reports and statistics for relevant business operations
Operational Data
: Non-sensitive business data that supports operational processes
Customer Interactions
: Information related to customer queries, feedback, and interactions,
provided it is anonymised, or consent is obtained.
We handle personal information collected by cookies, website analytics and other technologies in the same way that we handle all other personal information as described in this Policy.
Security of personal information
We may store your personal information in electronic or hard copy format. Protecting and securing your personal information is very important to us and reasonable steps will be taken to protect your personal information against misuse, interference and loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
We implement various security measures (physical, administrative, personnel and technical) to protect personal information. However, the open nature of the internet means there is always a risk of unauthorised access, and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. Additionally, e-mail communications are not usually encrypted and should not be considered secure.
Reasonable steps will be taken to destroy or de-identify personal information when it is no longer required for business or legal reasons.
Where required by applicable law, we will notify you, and the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner and/or other relevant regulatory authorities, of data breaches affecting your personal information.
Third party links
Our websites and mobile applications may contain links to websites owned and operated by other organisations. When you click on one of these links, you are moving to another website. Unless stated otherwise, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of, or any content on, those linked websites.  We encourage you to read the privacy policies and other terms that apply to those websites as they may differ from this Policy, and if you have any privacy concerns, we encourage you to contact those website providers directly.
Access, correction and deletion of personal information
If you wish to seek access to, correct or delete your personal information that we hold about you, please contact our Privacy Officer using the contact details set out below. Depending on the nature of your request, we may ask you to provide us further information in order to verify your identity and ask you to request in writing the information you require.
There may be instances where we cannot grant you access to, or are not able to delete, the personal information we hold, for example,
if a legal exemption applies,
or where granting access would interfere with the privacy of others or result in a breach of confidentiality, or
where we are required to retain or cannot delete the information for legal or regulatory compliance reasons.
If your request is refused, we will provide you written reasons for refusal (if permitted by law to do so).
When requesting access to CCTV footage, we follow a corporate procedure developed to conform with the Privacy Act, which governs our use and release of CCTV footage. Additionally, we may be unable to release CCTV footage if there is an investigation or pending legal action.
If you wish to update or delete your personal information, contact our Privacy Officer
privacy@stockland.com.au
. If we cannot amend or delete your personal information, we will inform you of the reasons in writing and add a note to the personal information stating that you disagree with it.
We will not charge you for requesting access to, corrections or deletion of your personal information, however we may recover reasonable expenses associated with providing you with access to your personal information.
Complaints and concerns about your privacy
If you have any questions about how we handle your personal information, or if you wish to make a complaint about our information handling practices, please contact our Privacy Officer:
Email:
privacy@stockland.com.au
Post:
Privacy Officer
Stockland
Level 25,133 Castlereagh Street
Sydney NSW 2000
Our Privacy Officer will acknowledge receipt of your complaint and after we have completed our investigation, contact you (usually in writing) to advise the outcome, usually within 30 days, and invite a response to our findings.
If you consider that we have been unable to satisfactorily resolve your concerns about our handling of your personal information, you can contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner:
Email:
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Phone:
1300 363 992
Post:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
GPO Box 5218
Sydney NSW 2000
Please visit the OAIC website at
www.oaic.gov.au
for further information.
Changes to Stockland's Privacy Policy
We may update our Policy from time to time to take into account new laws and technology, changes to our operations and business practices. The most current version of this Policy is on our website at
www.stockland.com.au/privacy-policy
and we encourage you to check periodically to ensure that you have the most up to date version of our current Policy.
Effective
: 12 June 2025