Webjet Travel - Online airfares at cost price for all airlines | Webjet AU
Private Policy
Webjet Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us, and so is being transparent about how we collect, use, and share information about you.
Webjet, “we” and “us” refers to Webjet Marketing Pty Ltd (ABN 68 002 013 612) and its related entities. Webjet enables customers to compare, combine and book the best domestic and international travel flight deals, hotel accommodation, holiday package deals, travel insurance and car hire worldwide.
This privacy policy covers the personal information we collect about you when you use our products or services or otherwise interact with us. By interacting with us and using our services you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this policy.
1. What personal information we collect
The personal information we collect about you depends on the dealings you have with us.  When used in this policy, “personal information” includes any information that can reasonably identify you. The personal information we collect about you will include some or all of the following:
·
General information about you: name, title, date of birth, nationality, country residence and postcode.
·
Contact details: phone number*, email address* and postal address.
·
Payment and transaction information including type, bank and credit card details
·
Website and technical information, including browser, websites visited, IP address, user and system preferences, device type.
·
Travel documentation such as itinerary, seat preferences, ticket number and booking reference.
·
Travel booking information such as hotel, tour, car hire and travel insurance.
·
If you are a member of an airline’s loyalty or frequent flyer program, your membership number.
·
Proof of identity, such as your driver’s licence or passport information.
·
Other details relevant to your travel arrangements or required by the relevant travel service provider(s) (e.g., airlines and accommodation or tour providers).
·
Account and profile information.
·
Information used to prevent and detect fraud including assessments of whether your transaction might be fraudulent.
·
Information about the products or services purchased or used including your interests and travel history.
·
Audio (such voice recordings for quality control, service improvement, training and dispute resolution).
·
For applications to work with us, information during the recruitment process such as employment history, working rights, and referee details.
·
Personal information you provide through our support channels: The Services also include our customer support, where you may choose to submit information regarding a question/request/problem you are experiencing with a Service. Whether you speak to one of our representatives directly or otherwise engage with our support team, you will be asked to provide contact information, a summary of the question/ request/problem you have and any other related information that would be helpful in resolving the issue.
·
Browsing behaviour when you use our website or app.  This includes information about the features you use, the links you click on and frequently used search terms.
·
Device and connection information.  This includes information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other devices you use to access our services. This device information includes your connection type and settings. We also collect information through your device about your operating system, browser type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers. We use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location. How much of this information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access our sites.
·
Other personal information voluntarily provided to us, for example, to complete a survey, enter a competition, provide a testimonial or participate in interactive features on our website or social media sites such as live chat.
*Contact telephone number and email address of all passengers are also required as per the IATA mandate 830d, to ensure airlines can contact all passengers of delays, scheduled changes and cancellations
Collecting sensitive information about you
In certain circumstances, we will collect information which is referred to as “sensitive information”. Sensitive information may include information about:
·
Your health, such as dietary information if you specify a particular meal preference indicative of a medical condition or you request a chance or cancellation to your holiday due to a medical illness.
·
Your religion, for example if you tell us you have specific dietary requirements relating to your religious beliefs.
·
Whether you have a criminal history for the purposes of completing background checks as part of our recruitment process.
We will ask for your consent to handle this type of personal information unless we are otherwise required or authorised by law to collect that information.
2.
How we collect personal information
How we collect personal information about you will depend on our relationship or interactions with you.
Directly from you
We collect personal information about you when you use our products and services, including:
·
When you make or manage a travel booking on our website or app.
·
When you visit or browse our website or app.
·
When you create a Member Profile by creating an account with us or when you update your profile.
·
When you contact us directly including via telephone, chat, email or via social media.
·
When you complete our surveys or enter a competition.
·
When you apply to work for us.
·
When you visit our head office or attend one of our events.
·
When you sign up to receive marketing from us.
From other sources
We receive personal information about you from other sources, such as:
·
Other users of our services: Other users of our website or app may provide information about you when they submit content through these sites. For example, when someone makes a booking on your behalf.
·
Our travel providers partners such as airlines, hotels and tour providers.
·
Our service providers including outsourced service providers, advertising and market research partners
payment providers and insurance providers.
·
When someone else books or purchases good or services on your behalf.
·
Job applicants who provide contact details of their referees.
·
Law enforcement, and other government and regulatory bodies.
·
Third party sources and platforms, such as public sources, social networking sites (including Facebook, YouTube, Pinterest, Tiktok and Instagram), and third party analytics providers.
·
Other entities within the Webjet Group.
We may also collect information about you via data matching activities conducted by us or via our third party service providers.
Where you make a booking on behalf of another person(s), you agree to have obtained the voluntary consent of the other person(s) for Webjet to collect, use and disclose the other person's personal information in accordance with this policy and that you have otherwise made the other person(s) aware of this policy.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Webjet and our third-party partners, such as our advertising and analytics partners, use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g., web beacons, device identifiers and pixels) to identify you when you visit our sites, and provide you with appropriate and relevant promotions.
Information
is automatically collected through cookies when you use the Webjet website and the Webjet App.   W
e use temporary (session) cookies or permanent cookies allowing us to recognise your browser and track the web pages you have visited.  You can use your browser settings to disable or delete cookies.
3.
How we use the personal information we collect
How we use the personal information we collect depends in part on which services you use, how you use them, and any preferences you have communicated to us.
Below is more information about the specific purposes for which we use the personal information we collect about you.
To provide and administer our travel products and services
: We use personal information about you to process or complete transactions with you, to verify your identity, to contact you about your bookings, and process payments and refunds.
To communicate with you
: We use your contact information to send transactional communications, including completing and confirming your booking, , responding to your comments, questions and requests, providing customer support, and sending you notices.  We also use your information to respond to your queries, investigate claims and complaints.
For research and development
: We use your information to carry out aggregated and anonymised research about general engagement with our services and systems. We use collective learnings about how people use our services and feedback provided directly to us to troubleshoot and to identify trends, usage, activity patterns and areas for integration and improvement of the services and identification and development of new services.
To perform market research and analysis:
We may ask you to participate in surveys relevant to your use of the services, for example, your experience using our booking platform or your travel experience. We also use this information to generate customer insights to improve our services, offers and communications.
We also test and analyse certain new features with some users before rolling the feature out to all users.
To detect and prevent fraudulent activity
: We use personal information about you and use of our sites to verify accounts and activity, to monitor suspicious or fraudulent activity and to identify violations our policies.
For marketing and promotional purposes:
We use your information, including information about how you use our products and services, to promote Webjet and our products and services to you including by displaying Webjet ads on other companies' websites and applications, as well as on platforms like Facebook, Instagram, Tiktok and Google. These communications are aimed at driving engagement and maximising what you get out of our services, including information about latest deals that we think may be of interest to you. We also communicate with you about new offers, promotions and contests via email, SMS, post and telephone. You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us via the channel in which you received the communication.  You can also opt-out by contacting us using one of the methods specified in the “Contact Us” section below.
To personalise and improve your customer experience.
We will use your information to provide you with a more personalised service. For example, we may tailor communications we send to you based on your location.
To improve customer service
. We record calls for the purposes of quality assurance, and training, and to improve customer service.
To process your job applications
: We will use your information to process any job applications you submit to us.
To protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights
: Where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights, interests and the interests of others, we use information about you in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and audit functions, and disclosures in connection with the acquisition, merger or sale of a business.
To comply with regulatory obligations:
We may use your personal information to comply with our regulatory requirements. This includes sharing your information with regulators or law enforcement agencies in connection with investigations and enquiries.
With your consent
: We use information about you where you have given us consent to do so for a specific purpose not listed above. For example, we may publish testimonials or featured customer stories to promote Webjet, with your permission. You may withdraw this consent at any time.
4.
Disclosure of personal information
In connection with the purposes described above, we share your personal information with the following third parties:
·
Airline and travel partners including hotel and tour providers, car service providers and travel insurance companies.
·
Service providers for the following services:
o
Information technology services such
as IT support, cloud computing,
application development, hosting, maintenance, backup, storage, virtual infrastructure.
o
Fraud detection.
o
Billing and payment processing.
o
Market research and analysis.
o
Marketing.
o
Operating call and service centres.
o
Printing and distribution (including mailing and email) services.
·
Business advisors, such as accountants, insurers, auditors and other professional service providers.
·
Government, law enforcement, regulatory and industry bodies.
·
A person who makes a travel booking on your behalf.
·
With third parties if there is a sale or merger.
·
Regulatory and government bodies, to comply with applicable laws, legal process or governmental request.
·
With our related entities.
We also share information about you with third parties (including Webjet partners and resellers) when you give us consent to do so. For example, we may display personal testimonials to promote our services. With your consent, we may post your name alongside the testimonial.  If you apply for a job with us, we will (with your consent) share your information with previous employers and your referees.
5.
Direct Marketing Opt-Out
You may opt out of being contacted by us by using the unsubscribe link within each promotional email or other marketing channel, updating your marketing preferences within your account, or by contacting us as provided below to be added to our ‘do not contact’ list.
Please note that we may market to you through different channels depending on our relationship. It means that if you opt out of one type of marketing, you may still receive other marketing from us.
Even after you opt out from receiving promotional communications from us, you will continue to receive transactional messages from us regarding our services. You can opt out of some notification messages in your account settings.
6.
Overseas disclosures
We store personal information both in Australia and overseas. As part of our standard operations, we may transfer, process and store your information with overseas third party service providers. The countries in which these third parties are located include: New Zealand, Canada, the Philippines, United Kingdon, the United States and Europe.
Your personal information may also be accessed by staff in our Customer Service Centres in the Philippines.
As an online travel agent, we may disclose your information to countries where you travel.
We partner with a global network of travel partners
all over the world so the location of a travel partner to whom we’ve provided your personal information will depend on the overseas destination you are travelling to.
We may also share your personal information with our related companies, who are based in New Zealand and Canada.
7.
How we secure your personal information
We use reasonable technical and organisational measures to secure your personal information. These include:
·
Using reputable and secure data hosting providers.
·
Premises security (internal and external).
·
Restricting access to your information only the staff who need it to perform their duties.
Information security applications to prevent unauthorised access to electronically stored information, such as passwords, firewalls, encryption and anti-virus software.
T
hose controls are supported by internal policies and processes, as well as training for our staff.
Our secure booking server uses encryption to ensure the industry standard levels of security. This is shown by the padlock in the closed position at the base of your browser screen. Any information, including credit card details, that you enter and submit on this page will be encrypted and securely transmitted. When your transaction is complete your information is stored in an encrypted state. All information transmitted on the booking page is done using SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). SSL uses a cryptographic system that uses two keys to encrypt data, which are a public key, and a private or secret key known only to the recipient of the message.
8.
Retention of personal information
We store, process, and retain your information only for as long as we need it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. When we no longer need your information, we take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify it, unless we are required or authorised by law to retain your information for a longer period.
9.
What happens if we cannot collect your personal information?
Certain aspects of your personal information, for example details of your travel documentation, payment details and contact information, are required for many of our products and services and if you fail to supply such information as requested for specific services, we may be unable to provide you with the products and services in full.
10.
Other important privacy information
Links:
our sites may include links that direct you to other websites or services whose privacy practices may differ from ours. Your use of and any information you submit to any of those third-party sites is governed by their privacy policies, not this one. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Third-Party Widgets:
Our website and app contain widgets and social media features. These widgets and features collect your IP address, which page you are visiting, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Widgets and social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our sites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other organisations, which may be different than this policy.
Webjet's use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the Google API Services User Data Policy (
https://developers.google.com/terms/api-services-user-data-policy
), including the Limited Use requirements.
Our policy towards children
: Our services are not directed to individuals under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 without parental or guardian consent, unless allowed by relevant local laws. If we become aware that information about a minor has been collected without the appropriate consent or approval, we will take steps to delete such information. If you become aware of any circumstance where we have collected information about a minor without the appropriate consent or approval, please contact our support services. If you are providing personal information about a child under 16, for example, where they are part of your booking, you confirm that you have the appropriate consent or authorisation to provide that information to us.
11.
Access and Correction
You can access and request the correction of personal information we hold about you by contacting us in any of the ways set out in the “Contact Us” section of this policy. We will ask you to verify your identity before proceeding with any request to access or correct your information.
Our sites give you the ability to access and update certain information about you. For example, you can access your profile information from your account. You can update your profile information within your profile settings and modify content that contains information about you using the editing tools associated with that content.
Where you contact us to access information we hold about you, we may charge an access fee to recover the reasonable costs incurred in providing this access, where permitted by law.
We will generally provide you with access to your personal information unless we are permitted by law to refuse access, for example,
if fulfilling your request would reveal information about another person.
If we cannot correct your personal information, you can ask us to make a note that you believe your personal information is inaccurate, out-of-date, irrelevant, or misleading.
We will generally respond to your request and provide access or inform you that your request for access is refused within 30 days.  Where your request is refused, we will give you reasons for our refusal.  If you do not agree with our decision, you can let us know using the complaints procedure in this policy.
12.
Complaints Resolution
Webjet is committed to providing customers with a fair and responsible system for the handling of customer complaints.  If at any time you would like further information about how we handle your personal information, have questions about our policy or wish to lodge a privacy complaint, please contact the Data Protection Officer using the details below.
If you are not satisfied with our response, you may also contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner by visiting
oaic.gov.au
, calling
1300 363 992
or emailing
[email protected]
.
13.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about how your information is handled, please contact us as follows:
Attention: Data Protection Officer
Webjet
Level 2, 509 St Kilda Rd
Melbourne VIC 3004
E:
[email protected]
P: +613 9828 9500
You can contact us without identifying yourself or by using a pseudonym. However, if you do not identify yourself or provide your contact details, we may not be able to respond to your query.
If you contact us on behalf of another person, we will require evidence of your authority to act on behalf of that other person.
14.
Updates to this Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will notify you by sending you an email notification. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you use our website and app to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Last updated: 31 October 2025
Back to top
Travel Products
Flights
Hotels
Packages
Tours
Cars
Motorhomes
Insurance
Transfers
Gift Cards
More Information
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Payment Methods
Carbon Offset
Download Our App
Travel Blog
Sitemap
Company Details
Webjet New Zealand
About Webjet
Investor Site
Customer Support
Support Centre
Manage Booking
Redeem Airline Credit
Gift Card Balance
Online Check-in
Complaints Guide
©
2026
Webjet Marketing Pty Ltd. All rights reserved.
Webjet Marketing is part of the Webjet Group.
IATA Accredited Agent. Webjet is a licensed member of IATA (licence No.
02355662
)