Privacy Policy | Suncorp
Privacy
Privacy is important especially when you consider the number of ways we communicate and interact these days. We are committed to our privacy obligations and will conduct our business to ensure the protection of your personal information, including sensitive information.
It is important to understand that our companies provide a wide range of financial services and products and our companies may use and disclose your personal information in different ways.
Group Privacy Policy
–
Suncorp Group Privacy Policy
(including list of countries)
Need to update your marketing preferences?
Call us on
13 11 55
.
Insurance
Home, Contents, Landlord, Car, Boat, Motorhome and Motorcycle Insurance  Customers
Download Suncorp Personal Insurance Privacy Statement
Life Insurance Customers
Download Suncorp Life Insurance Privacy Statement
Queensland CTP Customers
Download Suncorp Queensland CTP Privacy Statement
Travel Insurance Customers
Suncorp no longer offers new travel insurance policies.
Download Suncorp Travel Insurance Privacy Statement (offered by Vero)
Suncorp Credit Guard Customers
Download Suncorp Credit Guard Privacy Statement
Suncorp Home Loan Protect Customers
Download Suncorp Home Loan Protect Privacy Statement
iConnect Home Loan Protect Customers
Download iConnect Home Loan Protect Privacy Statement
Barristers Professional Indemnity Insurance Customers
Download Suncorp Barristers Insurance Privacy Statement
Suncorp Health Insurance
Download Suncorp Health Insurance Privacy Statement
Non-Policy holders involved in a claim
Download Personal Insurance
Download Queensland CTP Insurance
Austbrokers Life Solution Customers
Download Suncorp and AAI Privacy Statement (Austbrokers Life Solutions)
Social media, competitions and general enquiries
Download Other situations privacy statement
Looking for Suncorp Bank Privacy Policies?
Suncorp Bank is now part of the ANZ Group. Please visit them at
suncorpbank.com.au
.
Suncorp
Products
Home Insurance
Landlord Insurance
Renter Insurance
Strata Insurance
Car Insurance
Queensland CTP
Motorcycle Insurance
Caravan & Trailer Insurance
Motorhome Insurance
Boat Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Income Insurance
Funeral Insurance
Barrister Insurance
My Policy
My Suncorp Account
Health Insurance Account
Update my details
Payments & renewals
Claims
Policy documents
Cancel Policy
Suncorp Home Rewards
Suncorp Insurance App
Help & Resources
Contact us
Help Centre & FAQs
Financial hardship support
Extreme weather help
Suncorp Haven
Identifying scams
Customer Care
Complaints
Customer remediation
Website Feedback
About
About Suncorp
Our awards
Partnership & Sponsorships
Careers
News & media releases
Blog
Suncorp acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the lands on where we work, live, and conduct business across Australia. We pay our respects to Elders past and present. Read more about our
commitment to reconciliation
.
Legal information
Privacy policy
Online Terms
Cookie & data policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
COOKIE AND DATA POLICY
We use cookies and other related technologies to improve and tailor your website experience. See our
Cookie and Data Policy
. This policy provides information about how Suncorp collects and uses data related to your online activity, and how you can choose to remain anonymous.
Any advice has been prepared without taking into account your particular objectives, financial situation or needs, so you should consider whether it is appropriate for you before acting on it. Please read the relevant
Product Disclosure Statement
before you make any decision regarding this product. The
Target Market Determination
is also available.
GENERAL INSURANCE
General Insurance (including Home Building, Home Contents, Landlord, Strata, Car, CTP, Motorcycle, Caravan, Motorhome, Boat Insurance, Business Insurance and Barristers Insurance) is issued by AAI Limited ABN 48 005 297 807 trading as Suncorp Insurance.
SUNCORP HEALTH INSURANCE
Suncorp Health Insurance is issued by nib health funds limited ABN 83 000 124 381 (nib) a registered private health insurer and is marketed by Platform CoVentures Pty Ltd ABN 82 626 829 623 (PC), a Suncorp Group company. PC is an authorised agent of nib and receives commission from nib. Read the
policy booklet
before buying this insurance.
SUNCORP LIFE INSURANCE
Suncorp Life Insurance products, other than in some circumstances the Redundancy Benefit, are issued by TAL Life Limited ABN 70 050 109 450 AFSL 237848 (TAL Life) which is part of the TAL Dai-ichi Life Australia Pty Limited ABN 97 150 070 483 group of companies (TAL). TAL companies are not part of the Suncorp Group. TAL Life uses the Suncorp brand under licence from the Suncorp Group. Redundancy Benefit provided on or before 31st March 2020 was issued by AAI Limited ABN 48 005 297 807 AFSL 230859 (AAI) which is part of the Suncorp Group. New Redundancy Benefit policies and renewals offered from 1st April 2020 are issued by TAL Life. The different entities of TAL and the Suncorp Group of companies are not responsible for, or liable in respect of, products and services provided by the other.
Any advice on this page in connection with the Life products is general in nature and is provided by Platform Ventures Pty Ltd ABN 35 626 745 177 AFS Representative Number 001266101 (PV). PV is part of the Suncorp Group and an authorised representative of TAL Direct Pty Limited ABN 39 084 666 017 AFSL 243260 (TAL Direct). General advice does not take into account your individual needs, objectives or financial situation. Before you decide to buy or to continue to hold a Life Product you must read the relevant
Product Disclosure Statement
. The
Target Market Determination (TMD)
for the product is also available.
TAL Life is proud to have adopted the
Life Insurance Code of Practice (Code)
. The Code has been developed voluntarily by the Life Insurance industry to promote high standards of service to consumers, provide a benchmark of consistency within the industry, and establish a framework for professional behaviour and responsibilities.