Privacy policy
About us
Our assets
Investors
Sustainability & ESG
Working with us
Contact us
Search
Share Price:
Shareholder Login
View our latest corporate presentation
What kind of personal information do we collect?
The kind personal information that we collect and hold about you may include:
identifying information, such as your name and date of birth
contact information, such as your postal address, email address and telephone number
records of our communications with you, including any messages you send us
device information, server log information, IP address, and location information
bank account and TFN information required to pay dividends
Without this information we may not be able to provide you with our services or respond to queries or requests that you submit to us.
How do we collect personal information?
We collect personal information about you in the following ways:
when you contact us
when you visit one of our sites
by tracking your use of our websites and mobile applications
from public sources
from third parties who are entitled to disclose that information to us
when you apply for a job with us
Where we collect personal information from you, we will generally do so directly ourselves. However, in some cases we may collect personal information from a third party, such as through your representatives, contractors who provide services to us, or third parties who refer you to us because they think you may be interested in our products or services.
What purposes do we use personal information for?
We use personal information that we collect about you for the following purposes:
to verify your identity when you are dealing with us
to answer your queries and requests
to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
to carry out market analysis and research
to carry out education and training programs for our staff
to manage and resolve any legal or commercial complaints or issues
to manage shareholder relationships
to carry out planning and forecasting activities and other internal business processes
to keep you informed about our activities
We may also use and disclose your information for other purposes as authorised by you, or in accordance with your requests or instructions.
People to whom we disclose personal information
We may share personal information about you with:
your representatives, advisers and others you have authorised to interact with us on your behalf
our staff who need the information to discharge their duties
related entities within our corporate group
our business partners, agents and service providers
professional advisers who we engage to provide advice on our business
government authorities who ask us to disclose that information, or to other people as required by law
In some cases the people to whom we disclose your personal information may be located overseas and may be subject to different privacy regimes. The countries in which these people are likely to be located include Australia, Chile and Hong Kong.
We may also use and disclose your information for other purposes as authorised by you, or in accordance with your requests or instructions.
Cookies
We use cookies to monitor and observe your use of our websites, compile aggregate data about that use, and provide you with a more effective service (which may include customising parts of our websites based on your preferences and past activities on those websites). "Cookies" are small text files created and stored on your hard drive by your internet browser software, in order to hold relevant information about the web page you are currently viewing. Most internet browsers have a facility that will allow you to disable cookies altogether – please refer to your browser’s help menu to find out how to do this. While you will still be able to browse our websites with cookies disabled on your internet browser, some website functionality may not be available or may not function correctly.
Storage and security of personal information
We take reasonable steps to ensure that any of your personal information which we hold is accurate, complete and up-to-date. These steps include promptly updating personal information when we are advised that the information has changed, checking our contact lists for accuracy, and providing individuals with a simple means to update their personal information.
We store personal information for as long as it is needed for the purpose for which it was collected or as required by law. We generally store the personal information that we collect in electronic databases, some of which may be held on our behalf by third party data storage providers. Sometimes we also keep hard copy records of this personal information in physical storage facilities. We use a range of physical and technical security processes and procedures to protect the confidentiality and security of the information that we hold, and we update these from time to time to address emerging security threats.
Access and correction
You may access any of the personal information that we hold about you or to correct some aspect of it (e.g. because you think it is incomplete or incorrect), by contacting us via the contact details below.
To protect the integrity and security of the information we hold, we may ask that you follow a defined access procedure, which may include steps to verify your identity. In certain cases we may charge you an administration fee for providing you with access to the information you have asked for, but we will inform you of this before proceeding.
There may be cases where we are unable to provide the information you request, such as where it would interfere with the privacy of others or result in a breach of confidentiality. In these cases we will let you know why we cannot comply with your request.
Complaints
If you are concerned about how we are managing your personal information or think we may have breached applicable privacy laws, please contact us using the contact details set out below. Complaints must be lodged in writing.
We will deal with the matter within a reasonable time and will keep you informed of the progress of our investigation. If we have not responded to you within a reasonable time or if you feel that your complaint has not been resolved satisfactorily, you can contact us to discuss your concerns.
You are also entitled to make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC). Contact details can be found at the OAIC’s website: www.oaic.gov.au.
Contact details
All enquiries regarding this Policy or privacy matters should be referred to the Company’s Privacy Officer:
Company Secretary
(T) +61 (0)3 7037 5301
(E) legal@29metals.com
Changes to this policy
We may make changes to this Policy from time to time, to take into account changes to our standard practices and procedures or where necessary to comply with new laws and regulations. The latest version of this Policy will always be available on our website.
Subsidiaries
The following entities are subsidiaries in the 29Metals group:
Redhill Mining Hong Kong Limited (a company registered in Hong Kong);
Redhill Magallanes, SpA (a company registered in Chile);
Golden Grove Holdings (No. 1) Pty Ltd (ACN 650 628 112);
Golden Grove, LP (a limited partnership registered in New South Wales under the Partnership Act 1892 (NSW);
Golden Grove Holdings (No. 2) Pty Ltd (ACN 616 179 705);
Golden Grove Holdings (No. 3) Pty Ltd (ACN 616 183 503);
Golden Grove Operations Pty Ltd (ACN 114 868 325);
Capricorn Copper Holdings Pty Ltd (ACN 608 241 121);
Capricorn Copper Pty Ltd (ACN 106 396 801);
Lighthouse Minerals Pty Ltd (ACN 158 128 306); and
29Metals Finance Pty Ltd (ACN 650 061 813).